---
date: '2000-10-02'
id: 7
title: How Does it Work? (Original)
template: meta.html
extra:
    author: Dave 'Fargo' Kosak and Mike 'Gabriel' Krahulik
---

A new Daily Victim is posted every weekday, with a special color edition
posted every weekend. Each Daily Victim page is painstakingly crafted by
legions of migrant workers. Read all about the process in this
exclusive, uncensored, scintillating, titillating, playa-hating behind
the scenes look:

**Where Do Your Ideas Come From?**

**Fargo:** Basically, I just look around at everyday life. The Daily
Victim is all about character, and online gaming is *filled* with
characters. Who hasn't run across the guy who's practically militant
about defending your base, or the tech support guy who wields his IT
power like a nazi? Then I exaggerate their qualities and boil them down
into a catchy headline, such as: "I Play Command and Conquer Because I
am Undersexed." I keep a few dozen funny headlines on a stack of index
cards that I carry around with me.

**Gabe:** I just try to think of weird pics that'll screw Fargo up. For
the first one we did, I was racking my brain for ideas all day. That
night, I suddenly woke up, and I had this idea of a fat guy licking a
cat while a Leprechaun poked him in the butt with a stick. I wrote it
down on a post-it note and stuck it to my computer monitor: "Fat guy
licks cat, leprechaun pokes butt w/ stick." In the morning, my wife gets
up before me, and she found the note. She woke me up and showed me the
note and said, "I don't think I want to talk to you today."

**Then What Happens?**

**Fargo:** In the morning I come into work and discover the day's sketch
that Gabe had sent me. Then I go through my list of possible headlines,
and I conclude that none of them match. Ever. It's ridiculous. I dial up
Gabe on the phone and scream at him: "You're RUINING me! You're RUINING
me!"

**Gabe:** My wife always answers the phone.

**Fargo:** Good God it's a nightmare. Finally I'm forced to bang out
some sub-literate drivel that somehow works in the fact that the main
character is inexplicably strangling a penguin.

**Gabe:** \[Tries to speak, but is interrupted.\]

**Fargo:** I'll show that ARTSY-FARTSY BITCH! Using my brilliant turns
of phrase, I and I alone can justify why this ordinary well-dressed
woman is holding a SQUIRMING FROG!

**Gabe:** Occasionally he'll somehow figure out a way to make sense of
the picture I drew him. That means I have to think of something even
stranger the next day. Like a dude with a hammer in his mouth.

**How Does the Voting Work?**

**Gabe:** Migrant workers. Lots of them.

**Fargo:** You can vote for victims? Wow. Go figure.

**Gabe:** Be sure you vote, because I draw the highest ranked victims in
color for the weekends.

**Fargo:** No doubt the engine that powers the Daily Victim was coded by
none other than Chris "Posh" Longden, the resident limey bastard of
GameSpy. He's a tea-guzzling web genius! He banged out the voting and
admin system for this sucker out in less than a week. Carlos "Dr.
Angryman" Salgado also helped out with a little bit of raw HTML magic.
Together, they exude the musky aura of raw sexual potency.

**Gabe:** I'm glad I work remote.
