---
date: '2002-03-01'
id: 6
title: How Does it Work?
template: meta.html
extra:
    author: Dave 'Fargo' Kosak and Lemuel 'HotSoup' Pew
---

A new Daily Victim is posted every weekday, with a special color edition
posted every weekend. Each Daily Victim page is painstakingly crafted by
legions of migrant workers. Read all about the process in this
exclusive, uncensored, scintillating, titillating, playa-hating behind
the scenes look:

**Where Do Your Ideas Come From?**

**Fargo:** Basically, I just look around at everyday life. The Daily
Victim is all about character, and online gaming is *filled* with
characters. Who hasn't run across the guy who's practically militant
about defending your base, or the tech support guy who wields his IT
power like a nazi? Then I exaggerate their qualities and boil them down
into a catchy headline, such as: "I Play Command and Conquer Because I
am Undersexed." I keep a few dozen funny headlines on a stack of index
cards that I carry around with me, or, lately, a pile of Post-It notes.

**HotSoup:** I find the scent of my own armpits inspiring. This whole
Daily Victim thing is still kinda new to me, so mostly I just wait until
Fargo tells me what to draw. But then sometimes I throw him off by
drawing some guy I met on a messageboard somewhere.

**Then What Happens?**

**Fargo:** In the morning I come into work and discover whatever madness
HotSoup came up with the night or weekend before. Then I have to turn on
the funny. You know, it's really hard to be funny on cue, especially if
your livelihood depends on it. For instance -- well, watch this. SOUP!
Funny! *NOW!*

**HotSoup:** \[Breaks down into choking sobs\]

**Fargo:** See? But fortunately, the subject matter is *gamers*, and
gamers are inherently funny. I mean, look at us. HotSoup, how many times
have you solved *Diablo II?*

**HotSoup:** Eight hundred sixty-three. Oh ... hang on a sec.... Wait
... THERE! Eight hundred sixty-four.

**Fargo:** I just spent all weekend teaching my wife to play *Empire
Earth*. I actually used the phrase, "it's just like *Pikmin*." Most
married couples passively ignore each other, whereas my wife and I try
to step on one another with war elephants.

**HotSoup:** Is there something unusual about that?

**Fargo:** You see what I mean?

**HotSoup:** Oh, look! Eight hundred sixty-five!

**How Does the Voting Work?**

**HotSoup:** Steam drives the turbines, which use a series of pistons to
block or unblock light from photoelectric cells. Such a device is
capable of averaging the scores of participants, in binary, at the rate
of several hundred votes *per minute*.

**Fargo:** That's what they call "interactivity," baby.

**HotSoup:** Oh yah, the highest-ranked victims "win" for the week. I
draw the winners in color and we feature them the weekend after. So, uh,
VOTE!

**Fargo:** Hamilton Fleisch of Lebanon, Pennsylvania neglected to vote
for his favorite victim. That very weekend, instead of seeing his
favorite character return in a full color feature? He lost his penis in
a hideous pneumatic hammer accident.

**HotSoup:** Our condolences to Mr. Fleisch.

**Fargo:** Miss Fleish. You know. Technically.
