---
blurb: >
  Like I said, the money slots were taped shut -- but I found a single token in the
  bin.
color: false
date: '2001-05-08'
history:
- date: '2002-10-21 01:51:55'
  votes:
  - 367
  - 36
  - 24
  - 35
  - 61
  - 75
  - 116
  - 241
  - 497
  - 5684
- date: '2002-12-22 04:26:45'
  votes:
  - 370
  - 36
  - 25
  - 35
  - 61
  - 77
  - 118
  - 248
  - 503
  - 5805
- date: '2002-12-22 04:39:08'
  votes:
  - 370
  - 36
  - 25
  - 35
  - 61
  - 77
  - 118
  - 248
  - 503
  - 5805
- date: '2003-02-28 02:18:25'
  votes:
  - 373
  - 37
  - 25
  - 35
  - 62
  - 77
  - 121
  - 253
  - 514
  - 5934
- date: '2003-02-28 02:29:43'
  votes:
  - 373
  - 37
  - 25
  - 35
  - 62
  - 77
  - 121
  - 253
  - 514
  - 5934
- date: '2003-04-09 12:50:52'
  votes:
  - 377
  - 37
  - 25
  - 35
  - 63
  - 77
  - 122
  - 259
  - 519
  - 6000
- date: '2003-04-09 13:03:25'
  votes:
  - 377
  - 37
  - 25
  - 35
  - 63
  - 77
  - 122
  - 259
  - 519
  - 6000
- date: '2003-10-14 11:42:50'
  votes:
  - 387
  - 37
  - 26
  - 35
  - 65
  - 78
  - 126
  - 273
  - 532
  - 6290
- date: '2003-12-15 10:45:17'
  votes:
  - 392
  - 37
  - 27
  - 36
  - 65
  - 78
  - 127
  - 278
  - 541
  - 6399
- date: '2008-09-11 21:11:44'
  votes:
  - 400
  - 37
  - 27
  - 38
  - 65
  - 81
  - 129
  - 286
  - 557
  - 6571
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 400
  - 37
  - 27
  - 38
  - 65
  - 81
  - 129
  - 286
  - 557
  - 6572
id: 190
permalink: /190/as-an-arcade-attendant-of-five-years-i-can-say-with-certainty-that-creeping-horror-is-not-a-usual-fixture-of-palace-park-amusements/
score: 9.16
title: As an Arcade Attendant of Five Years, I Can Say with Certainty That Creeping
  Horror Is Not a Usual Fixture of Palace Park Amusements.
vicpic: victimpics/elisebig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/elise.gif
votes: 8236
---

Most of the high-schoolers and college kids who frequent Palace Park
Amusements here in Irvine don't know the debt that they owe the late
Jules Butler. They'd idly pop hundreds of tokens into [Dance Dance
Revolution](%ARTICLE[64]%) or [The Mine Cart
Game](%ARTICLE[53]%) without pausing to consider, even for a moment,
the mechanical and electrical genius who kept them running smoothly in
the decade since this facility was built. That man was Jules Butler.

It was almost ritual. Friday mornings I'll dial up his warehouse and
we'd banter for a bit about what's hot and what's selling. He'd no doubt
tell me about his latest score -- a mint *Dig-Dug* one week, a
fixer-upper *Twilight Zone* pinball game the next. Then we'd get down to
business, and I'd tell him which machines he needed to stop by and fix.
That afternoon he'd show up in his battered green pickup truck, steal a
handicapped spot, and stroll in with a box of tools and replacement
parts. He was lanky and wore a long-sleeved work shirt that was two
sizes too big and covered with dust and greasy thumbprints. His hair was
clean but uncombed, his beard in different stages of development each
time he came in. But the dude could find circuit boards for machines
that had been out of circulation for 20 years. He was a God.

And every Friday evening, just as the crowds started to thicken, he'd
step up to Elise. "Elise" was what he called our upright *Pole Position
II* game. Mind you, we have like 36 racing games scattered throughout
the Arcade, all the latest ones, but he had a thing for Elise. He'd play
one game a week, always struggling to top the world record of 75,000
points on the Fuji track. After a couple of laps he'd always get a
little crowd watching over his shoulder -- it was quite a show. "C'mon,
Elise," he'd coo to his honey, swerving around a corner. "Oh baby you
LIKE THAT!?" he'd yell, slamming his way between two cars, pounding the
shifter into high. Then -- inexplicably -- it would all go wrong. He'd
smack into another car, exploding in a pixellated cloud of debris. Or
he'd swerve a little too far and go off the road at an important curve,
losing valuable seconds as he downshifted and raced to catch up. He'd
cry expletives; he'd call Elise a slut or a whore. But she always had
her way, and he was lucky to break 70K.

"I will not rest!" he cried out. *"Until I have bested Elise!"*

...and then he would leave. It was funny. In the years I've worked at
Palace Park -- first as a token boy and now as a manager -- I've seen
hundreds of games come and go. And I've seen them all break down. Except
for Elise. Week after week Elise was there, waiting for her man, without
fail.

Until last week. I remember it clearly, and with that uncertain sense --
you know -- when you *know* that something happened but it still feels
like you remember it from a dream. It was Thursday night. It was a half
an hour past closing time -- 10:30, about. I was in my office on the
second floor making all the notes that I was going to give to Jules the
next morning. Notes about which machines to fix before our busy weekend.
I hadn't powered the place down yet and the whole floor was lit by the
eerie green and blue flashing glows of a hundred electronic amusements.
And suddenly there was a screech, and my head shot up. It sounded like a
human scream, but then I recognized it as the squeal of electronic
tires.

From where I sit upstairs I can't actually *see* the game floor, so I
swiveled out of my chair and walked downstairs. Elise was in the far
corner, but I could hear her wailing -- she made the high-pitched
rumbling noise that the game makes when you pass another car, then made
a stuttering explosion sound that grew awfully loud and made her
speakers crack. When she came into view I could see her screen cluttered
with random characters and colors. She started to play the "game over"
music but it skipped frantically and then ended with a shrill burst of
static that finally marked the end of her. The screen froze completely
and fell silent. After all these years she'd finally broken. I powered
her down and added the sad sad phrase to my notes for the next morning:
"Elise dead."

The next day the phone rang and rang at Jules' warehouse. Normally he
picks up right away. Hell, he knows to expect me -- normally I hear his
chipper voice chime in: "What'd you break this week Dan?" before I even
got to identify myself. But instead his assistant answered. "Hey, can
you hook me up with Jules?" I asked. There was a silence on the end of
the line, a silence just long enough for me to realize something was
wrong.

"We're kinda shaken up here," his assistant said, trying to find the
words. "Jules was killed last night ... car accident. Just found out."

The color drained from my face. I opened my mouth and condolences should
have poured out; instead I couldn't stop myself from asking. "...what
time did he die?"

"Cops said 10:30."

I don't remember hanging up, just staring at the reciever on the hook
for minutes on end. I felt cold and prickly all along my arms. It had to
have been coincidence -- I mean, you hear stories like that all the
time, but ... c'mon, it was an old arcade machine. It was long overdue
for a breakdown. It shouldn't have freaked me out. Those old arcades are
always busting.

I hung an out-of-order sign on Elise, cleaned out the token bin, and
taped shut the token slots. No telling when I'll find someone to replace
Jules. That day I was silent as I ran the place. It was your typical
Friday night. But those kids walked right past Elise without even
looking. Nobody asked where Jules was. They didn't know. They didn't
care.

Maybe that's why I decided to try to fix her. I don't know. It was 1:00
AM (we stay open later on weekends). Everyone had cleared out and I just
stared at her. I felt like I was being watched. Now, friend, I gotta
admit I don't know dick about these machines -- I just play 'em and
clean out the money afterwards. But I couldn't help myself. I walked up
to Elise and shifted her away from the wall.

I opened the back and peered inside with a mini mag-light. It smelled
old and decrepit in there, musty like a tomb. Dust had settled thickly
in every crevice. I blew and then had to close my eyes as the dust cloud
erupted from the innards. Sometimes with these old machines, Jules had
explained to me, the boards just shift out of place or an important
contact gets covered with crud. I carefully pulled the main board out of
its socket and looked it over. It was like a foot and a half long and
covered with chips -- hard to believe that that bulky hardware was only
a tiny fraction of today's computer power. I blew on the contacts
(sometimes I saw Jules cleaning them with alcohol) and then plugged the
board back into place. It was worth a shot at least. I powered Elise
back up and she hummed as the monitor turned on. The attract mode
started up; Elise was working!

Puffed up with pride, I pushed her gently back into place and headed
upstairs to count the day's cash. I guess a half an hour had gone by
when I heard the noise. In my excitement over fixing Elise I'd forgotten
to power everything down. I rolled out of my seat and was about to head
downstairs when I realized what the noise was. Beep ... beep ... beeeee!
It was the noise of the race starting in *Pole Position II*. I froze in
my tracks, right there on the stairway. Starting with my tailbone a
quivery frozen sensation crept up the length of my spine. It was almost
2 AM, the doors had been bolted shut for over an hour and the alarm
would've gone off had anyone come into the building. I steadied myself
with hands on either side of the stairwell, and strained to listen. The
roar of an electronic car motor. Low gear, then high. Squeal of tires
around a curve. Someone was driving.

There was a simple explanation -- I mean, Elise was on the fritz. My
mucking around inside was no permanent fix. She probably registered a
credit and was idly driving. Maybe I trigged off a DIP switch and she
was playing sounds in her attract mode. That was it. That was it for
sure. But I just couldn't will myself down those steps. My legs grew
numb and I realized I had been tensing them. My arms felt rubbery and
detached from my body. Something was very very wrong. And Elise, she
kept driving. One lap. Then another.

Finally I somehow willed myself to step down into the Arcade. All around
me the screens were flashing, blinking their colors in every direction.
The room was dark but for their glow, the black fingers of individual
machines towering up like tombstones amid the blue haze of a hundred
monitors. I desperately wanted to cut the power and simply make it stop,
but I knew that the main switch was in the corner behind Elise and ...
and I was terrified to go near her.

Tires squealed. Cars hummed as she shot past them.

I moved slowly, partly from fear and possibly so as not to be heard. The
roar of an engine suddenly stopped and victory music began to play. I
rounded a bank of machines and saw her in the corner, her screen aglow.
The race was won. That wouldn't happen in attract mode; I closed my eyes
and tried to wipe my brow -- it felt like I was sweating yet my skin was
cold to the touch. Elise fell silent again.

I crept toward her, slowly, slowly. I didn't take my eyes off of her
screen. "Pole Position II" it said. "1 coin 1 credit" it said. Soon I
was standing in front of her, my face lit by the pale blue and brown of
her monitor. Then the record times for the Fuji map came up.

Jules' initials were at the top of the list, next to a 75,000 point
score.