---
blurb: >
  It was just like that movie, "Grenadespotting."
color: false
date: '2001-07-03'
history:
- date: '2002-11-24 06:00:56'
  votes:
  - 53
  - 7
  - 11
  - 15
  - 23
  - 45
  - 82
  - 158
  - 226
  - 806
- date: '2002-11-24 06:03:29'
  votes:
  - 53
  - 7
  - 11
  - 15
  - 23
  - 45
  - 82
  - 158
  - 226
  - 806
- date: '2002-12-26 00:09:24'
  votes:
  - 53
  - 7
  - 11
  - 15
  - 23
  - 45
  - 82
  - 158
  - 229
  - 810
- date: '2002-12-26 00:18:30'
  votes:
  - 53
  - 7
  - 11
  - 15
  - 23
  - 45
  - 82
  - 158
  - 229
  - 810
- date: '2003-02-27 15:46:08'
  votes:
  - 53
  - 8
  - 11
  - 15
  - 23
  - 45
  - 83
  - 159
  - 231
  - 812
- date: '2003-02-27 16:41:38'
  votes:
  - 53
  - 8
  - 11
  - 15
  - 23
  - 45
  - 83
  - 159
  - 231
  - 812
- date: '2003-04-07 12:18:50'
  votes:
  - 53
  - 8
  - 11
  - 15
  - 23
  - 46
  - 83
  - 162
  - 232
  - 813
- date: '2003-08-18 04:25:01'
  votes:
  - 53
  - 8
  - 11
  - 16
  - 24
  - 46
  - 83
  - 164
  - 235
  - 831
- date: '2003-10-16 20:39:57'
  votes:
  - 53
  - 8
  - 11
  - 16
  - 24
  - 46
  - 85
  - 165
  - 237
  - 838
- date: '2003-10-16 20:42:19'
  votes:
  - 53
  - 8
  - 11
  - 16
  - 24
  - 46
  - 85
  - 165
  - 237
  - 838
- date: '2003-12-16 21:52:03'
  votes:
  - 53
  - 8
  - 11
  - 16
  - 25
  - 46
  - 86
  - 166
  - 238
  - 843
- date: '2004-02-22 22:48:57'
  votes:
  - 53
  - 8
  - 11
  - 16
  - 25
  - 46
  - 86
  - 167
  - 238
  - 848
- date: '2004-02-22 22:51:25'
  votes:
  - 53
  - 8
  - 11
  - 16
  - 25
  - 46
  - 86
  - 167
  - 238
  - 848
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 53
  - 8
  - 11
  - 16
  - 25
  - 46
  - 87
  - 168
  - 241
  - 862
id: 237
permalink: /237/im-addicted-to-teamfortress-hallucinogen-grenades/
score: 8.68
title: I'm Addicted to Teamfortress Hallucinogen Grenades
vicpic: victimpics/dopegrenbig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/dopegren.gif
votes: 1534
---

Hey -- you there -- the Spy? No no, don't worry, I'm not going to shoot
you for sneaking into my TeamFortress base to get the flag. I was just
wondering if you could pop me with one of those hallucinogen grenades
you have, the kind that skew my game view and fill my vision with fake
explosions and effects? Just one hit, man. Just gimmie a hit. I'm good
for it.

Look I'm not *really* addicted or anything, I can quit anytime I want.
In fact, I was gonna quit tonight, you know, after just one more hit to
get me through the dry times ahead.

My story starts about a year ago. I play as a sniper, and like most of
my ilk my reflexes were razor-sharp and my wrist was accurate to the
100th of a pixel. Then one day a spy like you came into the enemy base
and just ... just POPPED me with a hallucinogen gren. Most guys don't
take the full dose the first time but I didn't really have a choice, one
moment I was staring through a scope, the next thing I know this smoking
canister NAILS me in the crotch. I was doubled over with pain and
couldn't get away. Pretty soon I started seeing things, like the 70s
group *Earth Wind and Fire* taking turns stepping in front of a bus
being driven by weeping Japanese school children. I saw lightning and
turtles. I vaguely recall falling off of the sniper ledge, but when I
hit the ground I felt no pain. It was THE WILDEST RUSH OF MY LIFE. I
totally forgot where our flag was and why I was defending it. In the
cosmic sense, well, it didn't have any *meaning*, you know? When I was
high on grenades, I was able to see ATOMS. Heavy stuff.

So I started out with casual grenading, you know, I would claim to be
base defense but if I happened to see a spy come in I'd let him chuck a
few drug grenades before I shot him.

Pretty soon I didn't even bother to shoot him.

After a few weeks I gave up any pretense of "defense." I just hung
around outside the supply room, doped up on grens, wrapped in rags,
waiting for my next hit. My clan kicked me out, but they didn't
understand -- if they could only know what it's like for me to NOT be
hallucinating, they wouldn't keep telling me to knock off the dope.
Look, the stress of sniping people day in and day out and, oh, oh,
"here's the flag" no "here's the flag" and "enemy in the water" and
"it's on the ramp" and "incoming blah blah" WHATEVER! I just needed a
little boost to take the edge off of playing dee, is that so wrong?

But then I found this Canalzone server on the other side of the net, you
know, where the pings are bad and the crowd is worse? It was just two
teams full of spies chucking grens at each other getting high. I played
on there for a month, maybe two, but I barely remember any of it. That
was a fun crowd, those spies. We did some sick stuff. This dude named
HacKney? He stuffed a gren up his nostril and pulled the pin. We were
laughing so hard someone puked ... I think it was me. It's all a little
fuzzy.

Pretty soon I ran out of grenades and they kicked me off. Life got
really hard, really fast. I tried to quit grenades cold-turkey but it
was worthless. I went back to my clan and tried sniping but I couldn't
hold the rifle still. I jittered like jello on the subway. I couldn't
remember which base was ours. One time I picked up a backpack and forgot
where I was supposed to strap it on. I knew if I could get just one more
grenade, you know, I'd feel like myself again. But for that I needed
cash -- so...

I took our flag and sold it to the other team for some benjamins.

I didn't stick around to see the consequences. I went back to the bad
Canalzone server on the other side of the tracks and together with my
so-called friends I blew through my fortune and binged on dope grens
until the group of us couldn't tell red from blue. Then my old clan
busted onto the server and started shooting the place up. At first
nobody believed there were actually soldiers on the server shooting us
with rockets, we all thought we were just buzzing from a WICKED high,
but actually we were, in fact, getting shot and killed.

They dragged me back to our base and the medic whacked me with that
white beeping box thing until I begged him to stop. So, here I am. They
won't let me anywhere near the flag room. I tell you, I really hit
bottom. Yessir. But it wasn't my fault. I just got a bum deal from life,
you know what I mean? Coulda happened to anyone. Yeah, the flag room is
that way. I don't suppose you wanna hit a poor boy with a dope grenade
for his trouble, do yas?

&nbsp;

\[Victim idea [submitted](mailto:feedback@gamespy.com) by GameSpy reader
Max Power.\]