---
blurb: >
  On the monitor, just before it all turned black, I saw a grinning devil reach up
  from the underworld to reclaim his prize. Or maybe it was Stewie, Tim's neighbor.
  He's always ganking stuff.
color: true
date: '2001-08-18'
history:
- date: '2002-11-16 20:38:33'
  votes:
  - 63
  - 7
  - 20
  - 26
  - 24
  - 34
  - 61
  - 151
  - 255
  - 1376
- date: '2002-12-29 04:16:30'
  votes:
  - 63
  - 7
  - 20
  - 26
  - 24
  - 36
  - 62
  - 151
  - 258
  - 1384
- date: '2003-02-18 22:57:21'
  votes:
  - 63
  - 8
  - 20
  - 26
  - 24
  - 36
  - 63
  - 155
  - 258
  - 1399
- date: '2003-04-07 02:43:21'
  votes:
  - 63
  - 8
  - 20
  - 26
  - 25
  - 36
  - 63
  - 158
  - 263
  - 1413
- date: '2003-04-07 02:45:53'
  votes:
  - 63
  - 8
  - 20
  - 26
  - 25
  - 36
  - 63
  - 158
  - 263
  - 1413
- date: '2003-07-07 15:26:01'
  votes:
  - 66
  - 9
  - 20
  - 26
  - 26
  - 36
  - 63
  - 159
  - 266
  - 1430
- date: '2003-07-07 17:37:51'
  votes:
  - 66
  - 9
  - 20
  - 26
  - 26
  - 36
  - 63
  - 159
  - 266
  - 1430
- date: '2003-10-12 20:00:38'
  votes:
  - 72
  - 9
  - 20
  - 28
  - 29
  - 37
  - 72
  - 178
  - 292
  - 1778
- date: '2003-10-13 00:46:43'
  votes:
  - 72
  - 9
  - 20
  - 28
  - 29
  - 37
  - 72
  - 178
  - 292
  - 1778
- date: '2003-12-08 08:49:36'
  votes:
  - 72
  - 9
  - 20
  - 29
  - 29
  - 37
  - 76
  - 184
  - 310
  - 1883
- date: '2003-12-08 08:50:45'
  votes:
  - 72
  - 9
  - 20
  - 29
  - 29
  - 37
  - 76
  - 184
  - 310
  - 1883
- date: '2004-02-05 12:09:42'
  votes:
  - 72
  - 9
  - 20
  - 29
  - 29
  - 37
  - 78
  - 184
  - 315
  - 1913
- date: '2004-02-05 12:16:00'
  votes:
  - 72
  - 9
  - 20
  - 29
  - 29
  - 37
  - 78
  - 184
  - 315
  - 1913
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 72
  - 9
  - 21
  - 29
  - 29
  - 38
  - 78
  - 187
  - 318
  - 1944
id: 277
permalink: /277/those-fewls-insist-i-abandon-the-glove-and-the-dark-feedbackforcing-arts-it-embodies/
score: 9.03
title: Those Fewls Insist I Abandon *the Glove* and the Dark Feedback-forcing Arts
  It Embodies
vicpic: victimpics/colorglovebig.jpg
vicpic_small: victimpics/colorglove.jpg
votes: 2766
---

When you find yourself in possession of [A peripheral as powerful as
*The Glove*](%ARTICLE[270]%), you can tell in an instant who your
real friends are. Let's take [that old coot at the used Videogame
place](%ARTICLE[231]%), for instance. He's always into [funky occult
stuff](%ARTICLE[235]%) so I thought I'd take my glove in to get it
appraised and maybe casually mention that it thrives on the taste of
human blood.

The old geezer was NOT impressed. First, he spritzed me with what he
claimed was holy water but tasted like Mountain Dew. Then he refused to
even touch the glove of power, which for some reason -- even though it
was unplugged -- suddenly made the finger-sign of the devil. Or of the
rock band KISS, I'm not sure which came first.

"This so-called peripheral is merely a thinly veiled instrument of
diabolicism!" he cried, pointing a bony finger at me. I agreed that I
had, in fact, used it while playing *Diablo*, but the old man pretended
not to hear. "You say that this is a Saitek peripheral, eh? And I ask
you, what does Saitek stand for? That's right. TECHNOLOGY OF SATAN!" His
gnarled fists bashed against his glass counter like great heavy tree
roots. He cried out: "Satan! Satan! Satan!"

He turned behind him and -- from amidst a pile of used Atari 2600 games
-- he unfurled a map of the cosmos, depicting the Earth perched
precariously in a tiny pocket between the awesome light of heaven and
the powerful black maw of hell. To the latter he pointed. "Your glove,
henceforth known as the Devil's paw, was forged in high tech
laboratories nestled amidst the burning sulphur pits of the underworld.
There, in jet-black cleanrooms, hoofed engineers in bright crimson-red
bodysuits carve microscopic occult symbols into wafers of silicon like
satanic Intel bunnymen. Only the purest malice of will could bring such
a scourge out of its hideous underworld fabrication labs and into our
humbly naive world of simplistic online action and RPG games." I showed
him the FedEx box that it came in. "Well, yes, either that or a shipping
error." He removed my driver and installation CD. "See? It requires
DirectX to run. Microsoft has the Devil *by the balls.*"

**Another Interpretation**

On the other hand (no pun intended) you have [my friend
Tim](%ARTICLE[162]%), the kind of [techno-whore](%ARTICLE[162]%)
who's always looking to score hardware alphas. Tim couldn't keep his
hands off of my ... hands. "This is phenomenal!" he said, cradling the
Satanic peripheral as a mother would caress a child. At one point, he
actually LICKED it.

"What we have here is a force-feedback device capable of *independent
motion* as well as the sense of touch. However, its powers are but a
fraction of what could be obtained were it given a full sensory array,
such as you and I have! Imagine a gaming glove that could see! Or hear!"
He scrambled to grab a USB webcam, shuffling through a mass of parts and
wires littered about his cave-like bedroom. As he moved back and forth
in front of his bare-bulbed desk lamp, his tall shadow grew and shrunk
in deformed patterns across the blue and white microchip schematics that
lined his walls.

"Would this improve my aim at *Quake?*" I asked. "This contract with the
devil stuff is cool, but I'm all about the bottom line. And frankly, if
it doesn't improve my game, the technology -- whether it comes from
Japan, Silicon Valley, or the river Styx -- is useless." It's like this
[force-feedback mouse](%ARTICLE[15]%) I once had, which destroyed my
aim whenever I fired the sniper rifle. It was tacked to the computer lab
bulletin board with a "free" sign on it before the evening was through.
Know what I'm saying?

But Tim already had a magnifying glass over his forehead and, chuckling
gleefully, he duct-taped a webcam to the top of my gloved hand. The
fingers twitched with anticipation of newfound power. In fact, before I
even got a chance to tell him I was going to need my hand soon to
scratch an itch, Tim had already rigged up both a microphone and a
webcam to the peripheral. I took it off so that he could plug it into
his Pentium V PC -- a prototype so powerful yet unstable that he placed
it on a stand near his third-story window in case it burst into flames
and he had to kick it out. For this reason his PC had no case, and the
exposed components hummed with intensity.

On his computer monitor we saw exactly what the glove saw with its new
cycloptic webcam-eye. It reared up onto its tendril-like fingers of its
own accord and swiveled around to take in its surroundings -- and its
masters -- for the first time. Its network of fiber-optics glittered in
the lamplight.

"Helllooo Mr. Hand," Tim cooed, his face growing big and fish-eyed on
his monitor as he moved to peer directly at the glove. I'm not
completely convinced, but I'm fairly certain that it turned back to
"look" at him. "Give us a sign! Can you hear us?"

Slowly, eerily, the peripheral rotated onto its side and gave the
"thumbs up."

Flushed with victory, Tim slumped down into his massive ragged-leather
computer chair and raised both fists triumphantly. "It's alive! It's
alliiive!" He beamed. Immediately he hunched forward and stared at the
beady lens-eye of the Devil's input device. "It can see and hear. We
already established it's got touch. Taste? Not sure. Smell? Hmmm, a
controller that could smell, with contemporary technology? Doubtful,
doubtful..." Tim was never happy until he'd hacked a piece of hardware
to its illogical extreme. Slowly and with a barely audible squeak he
rotated his chair to stare at his jumbled wall of computer hardware and
electronics. His spiked hair cast jagged stripes across the mess of
wires and circuit boards that filled his shelves. "But ... not
impossible..." As Tim thought, he drummed his fingers onto the arms of
his chair.

After a few moments, the glove began drumming its fingers as well.

"That's all good, Timmy, but I'm starved," I said. "Feel free for you
and fingers here get chummy, I'm headed to Burger Palace. I'll grab
something for you. When I get back we'll fire up some *Half-Life* and
put our five-finger-frag-discount here to work. Oh, don't allow it to
drink any human blood while I'm gone, okay? [It gets all
wiggidy-whack](%ARTICLE[270]%) when it gets a taste, capice?"

Tim didn't even bother to turn around, he was so deep in thought. He
raised a hand dismissively, a gesture performed in unison by the glove
on the desk. I shrugged and headed off.

**Not-So-Idle Hands**

When I next saw Tim half an hour later, he was slumped against what was
left of a server rack, his tongue hanging limply from the side of his
pale face. I mean, it wasn't just that he was dead of strangulation by
his own right hand (no doubt gloved at the time) -- I was particularly
disturbed by the fact that most of his blood had been drained. I
verified that he had no pulse with one hand while holding a bag full of
greasy burgers and fries with the other. I suspected he would now never
pay me back for the burgers.

I turned to see if The Glove had returned to its perch on Tim's
cluttered desk, but it was nowhere to be seen. On Tim's computer monitor
I saw a fish-eye view of the top of someone's head. ...My head.

I dove aside just as The Glove descended from the ceiling, riding down
on a tendril of USB cable as a spider would lower itself from a tree.
Having missed its mark, it clattered to the floor with an angry rattle.
I heard the tiny magnetic microfibres hiss and click as the terrifying
disembodied appendage skittered about in a circle, seeking its prey.
Along with a single beady glass eye and a small microphone, it also
appeared to have some sort of horn-shaped apparatus attached to its
middle finger.

That was the last glimpse I caught of The Glove before the lights went
out -- in my clumsy attempt to get out of the way I had backpedalled
right into Tim's workbench, which wobbled on its four unsteady
mismatched legs and sent his single light whirling to the ground. In the
instant before it crashed the shadows danced around the room -- I
glimpsed the computer by the window, Tim's mangled corpse, and the
hideous hand on the floor skittering toward me. Then the bulb burst onto
the floor with a loud pop and a tinkle of glass before plunging us all
into darkness.

I rolled aside and heard the scamper of fingers on the floor right where
I had been. I huddled in the corner, motionless, terrified. On the
computer monitor I could see nothing but darkness -- The Glove was blind
in this low light, but as my eyes adjusted I was just able to make out
the pale glow of its fiberoptic nervous system winking in the blackness.
I didn't make a move or a sound.

Slowly it raised a finger and I heard a sharp scraping noise. Then
again. I realized that the sound was a quick intake of air. The Glove
... was sniffing. Tim had given it the ability to smell! Sniff. Snif
sniff. The fingers clicked quietly on the floor and the Demon Claw
slowly turned to face me. Sniff... sniff... *It smelled me in the
darkness.*

Well, either that or the stank of Burger Palace. The Glove scurried
toward me and I saw but one last-ditch chance for salvation -- I chucked
the bag of burgers as hard as I could at the exposed PC tower Tim had
perched precariously on the window. When it hit the searing heat of his
overclocked processor the whole thing burst into a blazing grease fire
-- the room lit up red, bright red, illuminating the wires and cables
all around me like metallic snakes, bringing the schematics on the wall
into sharp orange and black relief. For an instant it was just like the
hellish cleanroom the old man described. But then the Pentium V
prototype plummeted out the window.

The Glove, only inches from my face, clawed desperately at the floor as
all of its cables were pulled through the window by the falling
computer. Like fingernails on a chalkboard, it scraped across the
ground, desperate to save itself. Helplessly it slammed into the wall,
then in a final act of desperation it grabbed onto the window sill.

It held tight, but it couldn't hold on for long. At the other end of its
cables the flaming PC was still suspended above a bed of dry leaves. Its
fate was sealed. The Glove, seething with malice, flipped me the middle
finger. Then it disappeared into a fiery mass two stories below.

I think it was a driver issue.