---
blurb: >
  They don't call these "dual shock" controllers for nothing!
color: false
date: '2002-03-19'
history:
- date: '2002-11-02 08:28:16'
  votes:
  - 49
  - 12
  - 16
  - 19
  - 44
  - 54
  - 133
  - 251
  - 291
  - 830
- date: '2003-01-18 18:39:05'
  votes:
  - 49
  - 12
  - 16
  - 19
  - 46
  - 54
  - 134
  - 256
  - 298
  - 865
- date: '2003-01-18 19:01:19'
  votes:
  - 49
  - 12
  - 16
  - 19
  - 46
  - 54
  - 134
  - 256
  - 298
  - 865
- date: '2003-02-15 21:28:48'
  votes:
  - 49
  - 12
  - 16
  - 19
  - 47
  - 54
  - 134
  - 257
  - 298
  - 873
- date: '2003-04-09 11:04:19'
  votes:
  - 49
  - 13
  - 16
  - 19
  - 50
  - 54
  - 134
  - 260
  - 302
  - 884
- date: '2003-07-07 17:38:55'
  votes:
  - 50
  - 13
  - 16
  - 19
  - 50
  - 54
  - 136
  - 262
  - 304
  - 892
- date: '2003-10-12 20:22:32'
  votes:
  - 50
  - 13
  - 16
  - 19
  - 50
  - 58
  - 138
  - 264
  - 305
  - 909
- date: '2003-12-08 09:05:34'
  votes:
  - 50
  - 13
  - 16
  - 20
  - 50
  - 58
  - 140
  - 266
  - 310
  - 923
- date: '2004-02-07 21:43:10'
  votes:
  - 50
  - 13
  - 16
  - 20
  - 50
  - 59
  - 141
  - 267
  - 313
  - 937
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 51
  - 13
  - 16
  - 20
  - 51
  - 60
  - 141
  - 269
  - 314
  - 946
id: 319
permalink: /319/removal-of-this-ps2-controller-will-require-a-licensed-obgyn/
score: 8.53
title: Removal of this PS2 controller will require a licensed OBGYN
vicpic: victimpics/mar02/obgynbig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/mar02/obgyn.gif
votes: 1905
---

I nabbed *Virtua Fighter 4* the moment it hit retail, and promptly spent
this entire weekend in a rigorous bout of training. I bandaged my
thumbs, ate nothing but rice cakes, kept an eye-dropper handy and slept
only in half-hour intervals on the beanbag in front of my PS2. Then I
posted on the campus BBS that I was “unstoppable.”

At first I was the cat’s pajamas … not that I’ve ever seen cats wearing
any … uhm, what I’m trying to say is that I began my *Virtua Fighter 4*
career with a string of unbroken victories up and down the dorm. I even
took on Baldwin Hall – that’s right, the whole hall – and creamed every
one of them while downing a six-pack. But that’s where the frustration
came in. See, no matter what, I just couldn’t score any bragging rights.
“I am the VF4 GOD!” I would shout. And somebody would always say, “Wow,
you know about Ivan, right?”

Apparently Ivan was this Russian foreign exchange student. Everyone
called him “Ivan the Terrible” but nobody could pinpoint exactly why. It
had something to do with *Virtua Fighter 3* and an incident back in
mother Russia. Nobody knew exactly what the deal was but his rich
parents managed to ship him off to study in America instead of … well,
whatever would’ve happened had he stayed behind for the authorities. I
couldn’t talk *Virtua*-smack without someone bringing up Ivan. “Yeah,
you’re good, but have you heard about Ivan? One time he \[mumble
mumble\] *VF3* \[mumble mumble\] and left him for dead.” “Man, you’re
good! But have you heard about Ivan? Feds watch him around the clock. I
heard he plays as Akira.” “You’re pretty decent, but what about the Ivan
guy? He dips his thumbs in blood before a game.”

I was fed up about living in Ivan’s shadow. If he was so good, why
didn’t he just put out? I boasted on the boards that I would take Ivan
down, anywhere, any place. People protested. “You’re not gonna make Ivan
play *Virtua Fighter!*” they said. “He’ll have trippy flashbacks like
‘nam!”

Finally a showdown was set up. Me and Ivan. One on one. Standard rules.
Best of 21 matches. People came from all over the campus. And finally, I
got to meet Ivan the Terrible. Turns out? He’s only this little comp-sci
major. Speaks pretty good English, but with a thick accent. His real
name is Serguei. He loves Linux. Runs the computer labs in the student
center. He twitches a lot. When it was time to play, he sunk into the
couch next to me.

And so the tourney started. Now, I’ll give it to you, “Ivan” wasn’t too
bad. But he was no *me*. His Akira suffered blow after stuttering blow
from my drunken Shun Di. It was humiliating. One victory, two victories,
five, seven… he managed to sneak a win in there but only after a close
bout. Then eight wins for me, nine, hell – I was a couple of games away
from totally bowling this guy over. Before long I felt comfortable
bearing down on him with the smack talk.

“Ivan the Terrible?” I said. “I had no idea that the nickname was based
on your lack of skillz! They should’ve gone with something less
ambiguous. Like … Ivan the MALLEIABLE OCEAN SPONGE!” Whams, whams,
whams, his porous defense couldn’t hold a candle to my patented “Dances
with Punches” throw. I kept talkin’. “How about Ivan the Imposter? Ivan
the Impotent?” Somewhere around this time a vein started to pulsate on
little Serguei’s neck, red as the old Soviet flag.

Finally it was down to the wire, one last game and the title would be
mine and mine alone. Akira came on strong but I was juking all over that
ring, sippin’ sake like it was New Year’s in Tokyo. When it came time to
make my attack, I laid into him like I had chainsaws for hands. Ivan
went down like trousers at a brothel. Nobody dared applaud or celebrate
my victory – they reeled back in fear and anticipation at what would
happen next.

But I was flush with triumph. I jumped to my feet and began dancing
circles around the couch. “Ivan the Ineffective!” I wailed. “Ivan as is
‘I van’ to give up’!” I hollered. Serguei’s lower lip moved, very
slowly, away from where it had been clenched under his front teeth. His
eyes followed me from behind his thick glasses. “I’ve got it,” I
announced. “Ivan the little tiny wee man reduced to a gibbering puddle
of infantile garbage at the merest dink of my fist!” And then I stood in
place and delivered the coup de grace:

“You fight like Windows runs a webserver!”

Let me tell you, Doctor, the worst part was the noise that controller
made on its way in. I’ll hear that in my nightmares for years. Thank
heaven for all those rice cakes – lots of fiber in rice cakes. Owwhh!
For the love of God can someone PLEASE turn off the force feedback?
Thank you!