---
blurb: >
  Funny how many cops tail me when I'm in the Daewoo, though.
color: true
date: '2002-04-06'
history:
- date: '2002-10-30 18:39:28'
  votes:
  - 60
  - 12
  - 25
  - 18
  - 41
  - 61
  - 145
  - 293
  - 337
  - 829
- date: '2002-12-23 00:29:38'
  votes:
  - 60
  - 12
  - 25
  - 18
  - 42
  - 64
  - 149
  - 299
  - 347
  - 863
- date: '2002-12-23 01:07:59'
  votes:
  - 60
  - 12
  - 25
  - 18
  - 42
  - 64
  - 149
  - 299
  - 347
  - 863
- date: '2003-02-04 15:51:46'
  votes:
  - 61
  - 12
  - 25
  - 18
  - 42
  - 66
  - 150
  - 302
  - 364
  - 937
- date: '2003-04-09 05:33:46'
  votes:
  - 63
  - 12
  - 25
  - 18
  - 42
  - 66
  - 152
  - 309
  - 371
  - 971
- date: '2003-04-09 05:46:14'
  votes:
  - 63
  - 12
  - 25
  - 18
  - 42
  - 66
  - 152
  - 309
  - 371
  - 971
- date: '2003-07-27 16:42:09'
  votes:
  - 67
  - 12
  - 25
  - 18
  - 42
  - 67
  - 155
  - 314
  - 378
  - 1010
- date: '2003-08-03 12:44:03'
  votes:
  - 67
  - 12
  - 25
  - 18
  - 42
  - 68
  - 155
  - 314
  - 379
  - 1011
- date: '2003-12-18 09:33:28'
  votes:
  - 67
  - 12
  - 25
  - 18
  - 42
  - 69
  - 158
  - 318
  - 389
  - 1038
- date: '2004-02-19 00:50:15'
  votes:
  - 71
  - 12
  - 27
  - 18
  - 44
  - 72
  - 160
  - 328
  - 405
  - 1096
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 72
  - 12
  - 27
  - 19
  - 46
  - 73
  - 161
  - 332
  - 411
  - 1121
id: 335
permalink: /335/its-amazing-the-depths-of-depravity-you-can-explore-with-a-humble-ps2-fishing-controller/
score: 8.53
title: It's amazing the depths of depravity you can explore with a humble PS2 fishing
  controller
vicpic: victimpics/apr02/colorfishingbig.jpg
vicpic_small: victimpics/apr02/colorfishing.jpg
votes: 2300
---

They weren't kidding when they told me that life would move fast in
college. Why, it was only a week ago that [those Koreans sent me a PS2
fishing controller](%ARTICLE[328]%) by mistake, and just this past
weekend that [I got creamed during a tourney at the
hospital.](%ARTICLE[329]%) Little did I know that my involvement
with the Koreans was far from over.

The note should've tipped me off that trouble was ahead. I guess that
crazy foreign mail-order place figured out their mistake and sent me a
postcard of warning. On the front it had a picture of a monkey with a
parrot on his head. On the back was the following hurriedly scrawled
message: "Attention, we will be extensive please! Being and being
incorrect the controller whom it sends be. The all thing bad person is
going now from afterwords you!"

I wasn't sure what to do about that, so I continued with my daily
regimen of *Virtua Fighter 4* practice. Not only did I set up the
controller to sidestep and uppercut with a flick of the wrist, I also
figured out a way to drop into the flamingo stance just by tilting the
controller down. I wasn't just a badass when it came to the arena... The
fact is, a man who has a firm grip and tight control of his rod is also
a hit with the hoochies.

Then last night there was a heavy knock on my door. The men who
proceeded to bust uninvited into my room spoke hardly a word of English,
but their body language said it all. Well, that, and the too-small dark
suits, sunglasses, black gloves, and crud-encrusted baseball bats. They
closed the door behind them and slammed the bats into their gloved fists
menacingly. They didn't need to hand me a business card for me to figure
out the deal: This was the *Korean Mafia.*

One of them spoke in guttural tones, then made the gesture of a fishing
controller. The other one snarled at me with missing teeth. I held up
the fishing controller and pointed to the TV, where *Virtua Fighter 4*
raged on, oblivious to the conflict. The two men looked at one another,
confused. I pointed to the controller and then pronounced "Vir-tu-a
Figh-ter!" Slowly it dawned on them that I was using the experimental
and illegally imported controller to play a fighting game. One of the
men screamed, in english, "That *BALLS* crazy!"

So of course they wanted to play me. I guess it must've been pretty
impressive, they kept fighting over who got to play me next and game
after game I kept beating their asses down, no matter what character
they fought me with. Before long they were laughing and patting me on
the back all friendly-like. The one guy even put a bandana around my
head.

They let me keep the controller. In fact, before they left, they gave me
a handful of gold fillings, keys to a black Daewoo sedan, and my very
own machette. I'd have to say, of all the mafias in the world, the
Koreans are way underrated.