---
blurb: >
  Quiet down. It's for just such an occasion that I've got my contacts in the Korean
  Game Mafia on my cell phone speed dial. Let me tell you, something big is going
  down. BIG.
color: true
date: '2002-05-11'
history:
- date: '2002-10-21 02:18:35'
  votes:
  - 130
  - 13
  - 15
  - 19
  - 34
  - 44
  - 97
  - 214
  - 468
  - 4182
- date: '2002-10-21 02:25:04'
  votes:
  - 130
  - 13
  - 15
  - 19
  - 34
  - 44
  - 97
  - 214
  - 468
  - 4182
- date: '2002-12-22 15:57:43'
  votes:
  - 140
  - 14
  - 18
  - 22
  - 35
  - 49
  - 103
  - 224
  - 497
  - 4532
- date: '2002-12-22 17:00:14'
  votes:
  - 140
  - 14
  - 18
  - 22
  - 35
  - 49
  - 103
  - 224
  - 497
  - 4532
- date: '2003-02-05 00:32:12'
  votes:
  - 154
  - 15
  - 20
  - 22
  - 38
  - 54
  - 107
  - 238
  - 522
  - 4760
- date: '2003-04-09 13:55:17'
  votes:
  - 162
  - 15
  - 21
  - 23
  - 41
  - 57
  - 117
  - 259
  - 539
  - 4985
- date: '2003-06-28 01:03:17'
  votes:
  - 175
  - 16
  - 22
  - 26
  - 45
  - 64
  - 128
  - 281
  - 567
  - 5340
- date: '2003-06-28 01:08:57'
  votes:
  - 175
  - 16
  - 22
  - 26
  - 45
  - 64
  - 128
  - 281
  - 567
  - 5340
- date: '2003-08-03 12:34:07'
  votes:
  - 181
  - 16
  - 23
  - 27
  - 48
  - 66
  - 130
  - 288
  - 586
  - 5478
- date: '2003-08-03 15:11:56'
  votes:
  - 181
  - 16
  - 23
  - 27
  - 48
  - 66
  - 130
  - 288
  - 586
  - 5478
- date: '2003-10-05 00:10:50'
  votes:
  - 187
  - 17
  - 23
  - 29
  - 50
  - 68
  - 136
  - 300
  - 610
  - 5770
- date: '2003-12-09 20:54:26'
  votes:
  - 194
  - 17
  - 24
  - 31
  - 53
  - 72
  - 139
  - 316
  - 631
  - 6015
- date: '2004-02-11 05:35:16'
  votes:
  - 203
  - 18
  - 25
  - 33
  - 57
  - 74
  - 150
  - 333
  - 658
  - 6261
- date: '2004-02-11 05:36:51'
  votes:
  - 203
  - 18
  - 25
  - 33
  - 57
  - 74
  - 150
  - 333
  - 658
  - 6261
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 212
  - 18
  - 26
  - 34
  - 60
  - 80
  - 158
  - 349
  - 702
  - 6496
id: 365
permalink: /365/simultaneously-attending-an-everquest-wedding-and-a-job-interview-is-not-a-trivial-exercise-fortunately-i-always-have-a-backup-plan/
score: 9.35
title: Simultaneously attending an *EverQuest* wedding and a job interview is not
  a trivial exercise. Fortunately, I always have a backup plan.
vicpic: victimpics/may02/colorschemebig.jpg
vicpic_small: victimpics/may02/colorscheme.jpg
votes: 8173
---

When you spend a couple of years maintaining mission-critical database
systems for Fortune-500 companies as I have, you learn that most of
life's problems can be efficiently solved through superior planning.
Hell, I don't need to tell you that -- we've already established that [I
always have a backup plan](%ARTICLE[356]%). That's certainly how it
was yesterday, although I still can't believe how wrong things turned
out in the end.

Lemme start at the beginning. Lyle, my best friend in the world since
the seventh grade, was finally tying the knot. In *EverQuest*. I know
that an online wedding doesn't sound like a big deal, but [Lyle fell in
love with this girl playing *Diablo II*](%ARTICLE[315]%), and an
online marriage was probably the next step to a real one. Me? I was the
best man. You *can't* miss an event like that.

Except I had a job interview that very day.

Now, for you non-system-administrator-types, that would be a major
conflict. But me, I've always got my options open. You see, I figured
that, being an *online* wedding, I didn't technically need to be there
-- only my avatar. While I was busy owning up at the job interview, I
could have my roommate logged into my *EQ* account spewing out
pre-scripted macros at the wedding. Nobody would know the better. Easy!

First I had to get my roommate to owe me a favor, but that was a trivial
matter of [buying a squeaky hamster wheel and a fake dead
hamster](%ARTICLE[364]%) -- kind of a long story, really, I'll tell
you about it later. Anyways, the problem is I didn't trust my roommate
to act like me at the online wedding. He's a few fruit loops short of a
complete breakfast, you know? I knew that sooner or later he'd stop
using my carefully scripted macros and he'd start speaking d00dspeak,
blowing my whole scheme and revealing that I wasn't at the wedding after
all.

But again, I *always* have a backup plan. I had *another* friend who
would also be logged in to the server, a high-level mage who seemed to
always be playing *EverQuest*. He understood my situation and we worked
it all out. When I beeped his pager, he would jump forward and
playerkill me in front of the online wedding party, which pretty much
gave me an airtight alibi for not sticking around for the reception. I
had his pager number on my cell phone's speed dial so that I could order
my own execution at a moments notice. Meanwhile? I'd concentrate on the
job interview.

It all seemed like the perfect plan at the time.

So Friday afternoon rolled around. I drove up to the office building,
checked my watch, and give my house a quick call on the cell phone to
make sure all was going according to plan. So far, so good. Nobody
suspected I wasn't at the wedding. I strolled into the office, where I
was greeted by a guy [so wired on caffeine that his clothes were
smoking](%ARTICLE[46]%). He took me to see [the
boss](%ARTICLE[41]%), a wiry guy in a sweatshirt who was frantically
playing *Asheron's Call* and *EverQuest* simultaneously on a pair of
laptops while a game of *Dark Age of Camelot* idled on a nearby desktop.

He turned to greet me. "So you're applying for the new IT department
position?" he asked, quickly shaking my hand. He had a weak grip but
talked fast and seemed, for the moment, to be in control of his
surroundings. "Let me cut to the chase, my friend. As you can see from
this organizational chart, I've spent the last two years weeding out the
last vestiges of management in this company in order to [build an
organization that does nothing but play online RPGs all
day.](%ARTICLE[110]%) After the recent market crash, it turned out
that illegally selling rare game items on auction sites is the most
profitable business for us to be in."

I was floored. I had just found my *dream job*.

"Now, it may *sound* like a blast, but it's hard work," my hopefully
future boss cautioned. "For instance, look here at my monitor. I've got
to sit through this damnably boring online wedding ceremony so that I
can hit up some schmucks at the reception afterwards -- I'm trying to
find some buyers for my extremely rare Rubicite Breastplate. Look at
these stiffs! I'd swear the best man was just spitting out macros…"

I feigned disinterest and nodded authoritatively, but in reality my
stomach did a few somersaults. You see, on his monitor at that very
moment was *my* character, attending my friend's wedding! "I'm going to
guess by the slight lag you've got on your screen there that you need to
upgrade your infrastructure," I said. "30 people playing *EverQuest*
from a single office is going to tax all but the most robust of Internet
servers and connections. I can help you with that -- I'm your man." I
adjusted my seat. So far, this interview was all mine. And the online
wedding seemed to be going smoothly as well. See? It pays to always have
a backup plan.

"Sounds like you know your stuff," the manager in the sweatshirt beamed.
"Let me introduce you to our current technical lead. His is the final
say for any new hires, of course. He's a little eccentric -- you know
those Unix guys."

As he lifted up his phone to call in the technical lead, my blood
chilled within me. One of those Unix guys? As a Windows NT
administrator, I knew there could be some friction here. Instantly I saw
why this job had lingered in the paper for so long. Some insecure Unix
guy, in control of all of the company hardware, didn't want to cede any
power to punks like me. I was gonna have to fight for this job.

Suddenly the door to the room burst open and a menacing figure loomed on
the other side. He was an old man with a long, yellowed face and curled
beard. He dressed all in black and carried a gnarled staff. [The Dreaded
Unix Server Administrator](%ARTICLE[119]%) glowered at me from the
entrance to the room, his long shadow stretching from the doorframe and
into the office where it draped over myself and my interviewer like a
thick dark blanket.

"I'd like you to meet our next candidate for the IT position," the man
in the sweatshirt said, cordially.

The administrator neither nodded nor acknowledged me. He simply floated
over to his chair and sat with an audible creak. He set his pager on the
table between us. "Windows NT?" he asked me after a pregnant pause.

"Yes," I answered.

"BESOTTED!" screamed the administrator, pointing at me with his staff.

Storm clouds gathered outside while I tried to take stock of my
position. Meanwhile, on the computer monitor, I watched as the wedding
ceremony ended and my character started walking around and talking to
people. Bit by bit, he was lapsing into d00dspeak, ignoring the macros
I'd set up and talking with numbers instead of letters. I knew that my
time was growing short, and soon I'd have to page my high-level
playerkilling friend and order my own execution. Meanwhile, I had this
jackhole in the black robes trying to crush my chances at my dream job.
His green and yellow eyes fumed at me through red-rimmed lids. Somehow I
had to take this guy down. Server administrator vs. server
administrator. Mano a mano.

But as my interviewer tried to make smalltalk, things moved faster than
I had anticipated. Within the *EverQuest* game I watched in horror as my
character removed his pants and began to sing, "I'm l33t! L33t!" No time
to lose! I had to have myself killed! You see, THIS is why I *always*
have a backup plan.

"Excuse me," I mumbled, withdrawing my cell phone. I quickly
speed-dialed the number of my friend's pager, then turned back to the
interview. "I'm sorry, what were we talking about?" I asked. Now I could
focus on crushing this Unix punk.

Suddenly the Unix Server Admin's pager went off.

The room seemed to come crashing down on my like a ton of bricks as I
made the connection. Sweat began to pool atop my brow. It all made sense
… my playerkilling friend, the high level mage who seemed to be able to
log unlimited hours of game time every day… he was sitting right across
from me. *EverQuest* was his *job*. Suddenly, my arch enemy and my
savior were one.

But would the Server Administrator make the connection? I turned and
peered at him across the table, and his yellowing eyes met mine. He
looked at the monitor, then at me, then at my cell phone, and finally at
his pager. The little device beeped and rattled across the desk like a
living, snarling animal. At last the Server Administrator looked up at
me again, then grinned a toothy grin. He knew it. The bastard knew it!

"Are you gonna get that?" the manager asked, pointing at the pager.

The Administrator didn't take his eyes off of me. "I dunno," he said.
"Am I?"

Meanwhile, on the screen, my character strutted over to one of the
bridesmaids and said, "1 h4v3 ph4t l3wt 1n my l01ncl0th, w4nt 2 f33l?" I
faced a terrible dilemma, one that even *I* -- the master of backup
plans -- had not planned for. Do I sacrifice my dream job so this Server
Admin could go back to his desk and mercifully kill my character? Or, do
I take this guy down, get the job, and sacrifice my friendship with Lyle
forever when word gets out that I skipped out of his online wedding?
Well, jobs may come and go, but you can't repair a broken friendship. I
had no choice.

I stood up. "Fine, fine! You win! I can't take this job. I'm sorry."

The Server Administrator continued grinning and shut his pager off with
a bony hand. The manager crinkled his face in disappointment. "I'll show
the user the door," the Administrator croaked. "The one that shall hit
his ass on the way out."

As we walked down the hall, my nemesis barked an order down a row of
cubicles. "EXECUTE HIM!" he called out. One of his cronies scurried over
to a desktop and killed my character with a hail of magics.

Outside, the darkened sky started to rain in big heavy droplets. I stood
at the front entrance and before returning to my car I turned to face my
hated enemy. "You're lucky," I said, pointing a finger. "That job was as
good as mine, and had it not been for that online wedding, I would have
overcome!"

The Administrator took my challenge personally. He reared up,
straightening his hunched back just as a chill breeze swept his black
clothes. "Listen closely, WINDOWS USER," he spat. "To the uneducated
server jockeys among us, today's mishap may have appeared to be a string
of unfortunate happenstances, but mine ambitions suffer not the
willynillisms of petty fate. Ask yourself this: How do you *know* it was
your friend Lyle getting married, when you spoke only to his online
avatar to make arrangements? Perhaps -- my three-finger-saluting
neophyte -- in your amateur planning you failed to acknowledge that a
rival genius Server Administrator -- ME! -- may have dug up your resume
shortly after you submitted it to my company only to track you down,
hack into all of your friends' *EverQuest* accounts, and stage the
entire wedding using a room full of laptops and an elaborate series of
macros. *That's right, end-user!* You are but nosemeat in machinations
the depth of which your windowed brain cannot possibly comprehend! Years
of running mission critical database systems have taught me one thing
and one thing alone…" Lightning flashed and his last statement was
punctuated by the crack of thunder as he rose his staff high above his
head: "I ALWAYS HAVE A BACKUP PLAN!"

The howling storm failed to drown out his hideous, cackling laughter.
But as the door closed slowly before him and the rain cascaded down my
hair and cheeks, I vowed revenge. Someday. Oh yes. Someday. He would be
mine.

But it was going to take one hell of a plan.