---
blurb: >
  Next week it's "Company car, company car, company car..."
color: false
date: '2002-05-16'
history:
- date: '2002-12-19 18:49:44'
  votes:
  - 49
  - 10
  - 17
  - 28
  - 52
  - 101
  - 206
  - 356
  - 301
  - 538
- date: '2002-12-19 18:57:46'
  votes:
  - 49
  - 10
  - 17
  - 28
  - 52
  - 101
  - 206
  - 356
  - 301
  - 538
- date: '2003-04-06 04:53:06'
  votes:
  - 49
  - 10
  - 17
  - 28
  - 53
  - 101
  - 207
  - 361
  - 303
  - 549
- date: '2003-04-06 05:08:40'
  votes:
  - 49
  - 10
  - 17
  - 28
  - 53
  - 101
  - 207
  - 362
  - 303
  - 549
- date: '2003-08-14 07:44:32'
  votes:
  - 51
  - 11
  - 18
  - 28
  - 54
  - 101
  - 207
  - 365
  - 306
  - 558
- date: '2003-10-08 00:03:37'
  votes:
  - 51
  - 11
  - 19
  - 28
  - 54
  - 101
  - 207
  - 366
  - 308
  - 559
- date: '2004-02-23 07:29:00'
  votes:
  - 51
  - 11
  - 19
  - 29
  - 54
  - 101
  - 208
  - 367
  - 310
  - 576
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 51
  - 11
  - 19
  - 29
  - 54
  - 101
  - 209
  - 368
  - 312
  - 585
id: 369
permalink: /369/my-new-boss-is-a-micromanaging-narcoleptic/
score: 8.07
title: My new boss is a micromanaging narcoleptic
vicpic: victimpics/may02/thinkerbig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/may02/thinker.gif
votes: 1758
---

I don't ask much from life. I want a nice car, a big apartment, maybe a
dog ... and I want to be able to come home and play *Dungeon Siege* like
a religion.

The problem is my new manager here, the guy in charge of our whole
product division. I've almost gotten used to his micromanaging. It's the
narcolepsy that's killing me! He'll be standing over my shoulder saying:
"I want you to start filling out weekly inventory reports. I've come up
with a new format. First, I need you to fill in the product numbers
here, here, and here. Next..." and then suddenly his head droops down
and splats into my arm. Next thing I know he's drooling on me and
dozing.

What do I do? Do I wake him up? Do I continue to fill out the report and
risk that I didn't do it his way? In a panic, typically I'd just sit
there, unmoving, staring forward, waiting for him to wake up. On Tuesday
I missed lunch, just sitting there, while he slept on me. Some days I
have to work until nine or ten o'clock just to make up for the time he's
cost me.

Finally today I decided to work this to my advantage. I got this idea
from those subliminal sleep tapes you see at the bookstore. So my new
manager was trying to explain to me how I should address letters to our
offsite distributors when he collapsed onto my mouse hand and starting
snoring.

Very, very slowly I leaned close to his ear. "Phil needs to take off
early to play *Dungeon Siege*," I whispered. "It's important that Phil
takes off early today, to play *Dungeon Siege*. You need for Phil to
take off early. Phil needs to play *Dungeon Siege*. Phil. Early.
*Dungeon Siege*. *Dungeon Siege*. *Dungeon Siege*..."

Half an hour later he woke up with a start and picked up where he left
off. "Yes, right. As I was saying, it's 'Dear Sir' to our Waltham
warehouse but 'Hello Joey' to our manager at Pittsburgh. And Phil, when
you finish these, take off early and go play some *Dungeon Siege*." He
stopped short, looked around, scratched his head, then walked away.