---
blurb: >
  He got his initials in the number one spot, but didn't know how to read.
color: false
date: '2002-06-07'
history:
- date: '2002-10-11 07:48:28'
  votes:
  - 76
  - 15
  - 29
  - 20
  - 55
  - 98
  - 160
  - 301
  - 375
  - 1068
- date: '2002-10-11 08:55:38'
  votes:
  - 76
  - 15
  - 29
  - 20
  - 55
  - 98
  - 160
  - 301
  - 375
  - 1068
- date: '2002-12-05 06:07:30'
  votes:
  - 76
  - 15
  - 29
  - 20
  - 55
  - 98
  - 162
  - 304
  - 376
  - 1085
- date: '2003-02-18 17:22:25'
  votes:
  - 76
  - 15
  - 29
  - 20
  - 56
  - 98
  - 162
  - 304
  - 377
  - 1089
- date: '2003-02-18 17:24:14'
  votes:
  - 76
  - 15
  - 29
  - 20
  - 56
  - 98
  - 162
  - 304
  - 377
  - 1089
- date: '2003-07-07 04:13:00'
  votes:
  - 77
  - 15
  - 29
  - 20
  - 56
  - 100
  - 164
  - 306
  - 379
  - 1101
- date: '2003-07-07 04:14:03'
  votes:
  - 77
  - 15
  - 29
  - 20
  - 56
  - 100
  - 164
  - 306
  - 379
  - 1101
- date: '2003-08-03 01:23:41'
  votes:
  - 77
  - 15
  - 29
  - 20
  - 56
  - 100
  - 164
  - 308
  - 379
  - 1105
- date: '2003-12-18 09:53:26'
  votes:
  - 77
  - 15
  - 29
  - 20
  - 56
  - 100
  - 166
  - 309
  - 384
  - 1120
- date: '2004-02-11 18:53:56'
  votes:
  - 77
  - 15
  - 29
  - 20
  - 56
  - 100
  - 166
  - 311
  - 384
  - 1126
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 79
  - 15
  - 29
  - 20
  - 56
  - 101
  - 166
  - 312
  - 384
  - 1133
id: 386
permalink: /386/the-kid-wouldnt-step-away-from-the-zero-gunner-machine-whats-a-guy-to-do/
score: 8.45
title: The kid wouldn't step away from the *Zero Gunner* machine; what's a guy to
  do?
vicpic: victimpics/jun02/kidgamebig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/jun02/kidgame.gif
votes: 2321
---

Somehow the stench of cigarettes and old beer that lingers in my local
pizza joint never seems to curb my appetite any. It's practically a
Wednesday afternoon lunchtime tradition for me: I stroll up to the
counter, my feet crunching as I walk on the scratched wooden floor, and
order a personal pan pizza with the works. The guy behind the counter
sniffs as he scribbles my order with pudgy fingers. "Quarters?" he
always asks when I hand him a fiver. Oh yes, quarters it'll be.

Staring at the cigarette marks on the red and white checkered Formica
tables doesn't provide me with much in the way of amusement, so my
Wednesday ritual always involves paying homage to one of the decrepit
old arcade machines they keep back behind the soda fountain. What was it
going to be this week? *Cruis'n USA?* *Arkanoid?* No, this week I was
dying for some shooter action, and only *Zero Gunner* would do. You
know, the old shooter game with the airplanes and the screenfulls of
enemies?

Problem: This week, there was a kid who couldn't have been any older
than five hanging from the joysticks. I mean that literally: hanging,
his untied shoes flopping a few inches above the floor. I cringed to
think of what would happen if he broke the sticks. This place hardly
repairs games and probably never plans on replacing them.

At first, I planned to be patient. I tried to amuse myself with the
eclectic faded art collection that lined the walls. Dogs playing pool.
An Italian restaurant. A picture of a chef who'd long since had a white
Santa beard rubbed into his face with an eraser. I even tried to watch
the employees work but had to turn away when the guy at the register
started cleaning his ears with the pen. No, I had no choice. I had a
pocket full of quarters destined for *Zero Gunner*.

I strolled over to the kid and tried to sound friendly. "Can I play
now?" I asked. He had an unkempt bushel of straw-blonde hair on his head
that flapped from side to side as he swung back and forth on the sticks.
"I'm playing!" he responded, staring excitedly at the attract mode with
giant blue eyes.

There was no sense in trying to explain to him what qualified as
"playing" or not. In truth, I just needed him to scoot over. Hell, he
wouldn't notice the difference if I was playing on one of the joysticks.
"You know, two people can play at once," I reasoned.

"I'll play over here," he answered in a froglike voice. "You play over
*there!*" He gestured with his head toward the *Cruis'n USA* machine.

Now, *Cruis'n USA* is a fine game and all, but it differs from *Zero
Gunner* in two major aspects: 1. There are no planes and 2. At no point
is the entire screen ever filled with bullets and bombs.

So I tried to get into the mind of a five year old... But when I was
five, all I could remember was that time when my dad tried to show me
how to play whiffleball and I accidentally hit him in the crotch full
swing, learning some new words in the process. Ah! Then it struck me to
take the kid's side on this one.

"You know," I said, trying to sound all fatherly and perhaps
subconsciously covering my crotch. "If you push the red fire button,
you'll do better." Sure enough the little fellow took his hand off of
the right joystick in order to pound on his buttons. He even put his
feet on the floor and stood on his tippy-toes to see the screen better.
I stepped gingerly to his side, dropped in my quarters, and prepared to
let 'er rip.

"Can I have some pennies?" the boy asked, watching my money drain into
the slot.

Joystick in hand, I started flying my little blue plane and was suddenly
surprised to see the little red plane come zinging onto the screen next
to mine. I guess there had been a credit on the machine to start with --
we were playing two player! His plane zigged and zagged over my plane so
much as I dodged and weaved that it was really confusing to tell who was
who or which plane was which. The bullets started flying; the action was
furious. The little guy was howling with glee as we played. I was
converting new blood into the videogame fold!

Needless to say his plane blew up right away and his three lives were
over pretty quickly. But ... get this ... as his last plane exploded
into a hail of sprite shrapnel, I did something that my mother would be
very proud of.

"Oh no!" I said in an exaggerated voice. "I just died! It's all up to
you now!!"

With that, the little fellow began pounding on the buttons more
furiously, while I kept playing. He had no idea his game was over. Every
time I blew up a big boss plane, I said "Good work!" and every time
something shot toward my plane I yelled "Look out!" as I dodged it. The
kid was in heaven. His mouth hung open in a continuous squeal of joy as
we hammered away at our controls.

I was actually having so much fun that I almost didn't hear the pizza
guy announce that my food was ready. Often I would never get to finish
my game when I was on a roll, and today I must say I was doing some of
the fanciest flying I'd ever done. Anyways, there was no sense in
letting my pizza sit there, so I patted the kid on the shoulder and
walked to the counter.

On my way out the door I stopped to check and see if the kid had figured
out what had happened yet. To my surprise, he was still wriggling his
same joystick and pounding on the same fire button... even crazier, the
game was still playing. In fact, *he* was playing. The controls I had
been using sat motionless.

My planes must've blown up *long* ago.

*\[This Daily Victim based on a (mostly) true story
[submitted](mailto:feedback@gamespy.com) by GameSpy reader Casey
Raymondson\]*