---
blurb: >
  Afterwards, we got together and Spliced a Mainbrace together. Uh, that means we
  ate Chinese food and drank a lot of Bawls.
color: true
date: '2002-09-28'
history:
- date: '2002-10-21 02:06:24'
  votes:
  - 53
  - 5
  - 9
  - 9
  - 17
  - 34
  - 70
  - 161
  - 330
  - 1452
- date: '2002-12-22 15:58:31'
  votes:
  - 77
  - 5
  - 9
  - 9
  - 18
  - 35
  - 75
  - 169
  - 350
  - 1600
- date: '2002-12-22 17:01:05'
  votes:
  - 77
  - 5
  - 9
  - 9
  - 18
  - 35
  - 75
  - 169
  - 350
  - 1600
- date: '2003-02-16 16:00:33'
  votes:
  - 77
  - 5
  - 9
  - 9
  - 18
  - 36
  - 77
  - 172
  - 359
  - 1655
- date: '2003-02-16 16:08:52'
  votes:
  - 77
  - 5
  - 9
  - 9
  - 18
  - 36
  - 77
  - 172
  - 359
  - 1655
- date: '2003-04-09 17:04:52'
  votes:
  - 77
  - 5
  - 9
  - 10
  - 18
  - 37
  - 77
  - 172
  - 362
  - 1672
- date: '2003-04-09 19:21:33'
  votes:
  - 77
  - 5
  - 9
  - 10
  - 18
  - 37
  - 77
  - 172
  - 362
  - 1672
- date: '2003-06-25 19:41:08'
  votes:
  - 78
  - 5
  - 9
  - 11
  - 18
  - 38
  - 77
  - 173
  - 365
  - 1695
- date: '2003-06-25 19:45:51'
  votes:
  - 78
  - 5
  - 9
  - 11
  - 18
  - 38
  - 77
  - 173
  - 365
  - 1695
- date: '2003-08-19 10:41:09'
  votes:
  - 78
  - 5
  - 9
  - 11
  - 18
  - 38
  - 77
  - 174
  - 366
  - 1712
- date: '2003-10-05 02:31:07'
  votes:
  - 80
  - 5
  - 9
  - 11
  - 18
  - 39
  - 78
  - 180
  - 380
  - 1788
- date: '2003-10-05 02:37:05'
  votes:
  - 80
  - 5
  - 9
  - 11
  - 18
  - 39
  - 78
  - 180
  - 380
  - 1788
- date: '2004-02-09 16:06:36'
  votes:
  - 81
  - 5
  - 9
  - 11
  - 18
  - 39
  - 78
  - 183
  - 387
  - 1826
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 83
  - 5
  - 9
  - 11
  - 19
  - 39
  - 78
  - 184
  - 389
  - 1851
id: 478
permalink: /478/my-teammates-wont-stop-talking-like-pirates-but-ive-kinda-warmed-to-the-idea/
score: 9.07
title: My teammates won’t stop talking like pirates, but I’ve kinda warmed to the
  idea.
vicpic: victimpics/sept02/colorpiratedaybig.jpg
vicpic_small: victimpics/sept02/colorpirateday.jpg
votes: 2703
---

Yo dude, it’s me again. Last week I was complaining about [how
Talk-Like-A-Pirate-Day was ruining my game](%ARTICLE[470]%) of
*Battlefield: 1942*. All my buddies were “yarrr”ing and “ahoy”ing all
day -- I figured they’d get it out of their system.

No.

No, instead, talking like a pirate has become intimately linked with our
*Battlefield* play sessions. My friends will talk perfectly normal
English as we drag tables into Joe’s garage and set up the network. But
as soon as we fire up the game and start browsing for servers, it
begins: “Gaaarr, me buckos! Raise the gangway! Hoist the mainmast, ye
sea dogs!” One time I tried to complain and they called me a “saucy
lad.”

But at this point, I’ve grown used to it. For instance, “Avast! Belay
yer broadsides!” means to stop firing the artillery, because someone’s
about to head into the enemy base on foot. Any base at the bottom of the
map is “aft,” anything to the left is “port,” anything up top is “fore,”
and so on. So, “Me cutter’s weighing anchor port with an empty crow’s
nest, lads!” means that someone’s leaving the west base with a tank that
doesn’t have anyone in the gunner’s position yet.

Sometimes the expression doesn’t even have to really be pirate talk, so
long as it sounds pirate-y. “Shiver me planksores! Me skunkers lost ye
peelkeg fore o’ the maincramps!” means that we lost the flag at north
base, even though it’s COMPLETE gibberish.

Anyways, the extent of our teamplay was so much so that last weekend we
were ROCKING this server. The map started and immediately three of us
took to the planes: “Arrr, ye gulls be airborne mateys!” someone
shouted. A group of us “buckies” (assault troops) flanked either side of
a pair of tanks and marched toward the base together. Things got heavy
and we called in a broadsides -- I mean, an artillery strike. “Scupper
that! Scupper that!” the Cap’n called out, and our airplanes obeyed and
bombed an enemy tank. We marched into the base and administered the grog
-- er, healing -- while the sutlers fixed the tanks. Since we’re all
playing in the same room screaming pirate-talk to one another, nobody
else on the server knows the secret to our intense coordination.

I guess I didn’t notice that this random stranger had joined our team
from the Internet. He was standing in the middle of our base and watched
as one of our gulls landed and we began scraping the barnacles. “Oy,
check out the Landlubber!” me Cap’n said, pointing to the scurvy lad
standing befuddled in the middle of the base. I guess he had never seen
such teamwork before.

“You’re ALIENS!” he typed. “[You’re all ALIENS!! You can’t be
real!](%ARTICLE[473]%)”

To this, we gave a hearty pirate laugh. “Make ‘im walk the plank!” the
Cap’n ordered aloud. Slowly we withdrew our cutlasses and formed a
circle around the guy. It was Joe’s idea to type “Kill the human... Kill
the human...” as we closed in. Well, anyways, he spun around and around
like a top, and then just as we got to him, he disconnected.

It gives me some kind of perverse pleasure knowing that somewhere on the
Internet, there’s a guy that probably still can’t sleep at nights.