---
blurb: >
  To be fair, I think the Zulus should share some of the blame.
color: false
date: '2003-01-07'
history:
- date: '2003-01-22 11:26:11'
  votes:
  - 48
  - 7
  - 6
  - 31
  - 42
  - 59
  - 132
  - 293
  - 372
  - 1043
- date: '2003-03-06 01:16:44'
  votes:
  - 48
  - 7
  - 6
  - 32
  - 42
  - 60
  - 140
  - 309
  - 382
  - 1083
- date: '2003-03-06 01:25:24'
  votes:
  - 48
  - 7
  - 6
  - 32
  - 42
  - 60
  - 140
  - 309
  - 382
  - 1083
- date: '2003-04-22 04:17:52'
  votes:
  - 49
  - 7
  - 7
  - 32
  - 42
  - 61
  - 145
  - 315
  - 388
  - 1093
- date: '2003-04-22 04:23:58'
  votes:
  - 49
  - 7
  - 7
  - 32
  - 42
  - 61
  - 145
  - 315
  - 388
  - 1093
- date: '2003-08-03 12:35:32'
  votes:
  - 55
  - 9
  - 8
  - 33
  - 46
  - 71
  - 157
  - 340
  - 424
  - 1272
- date: '2003-08-03 14:37:23'
  votes:
  - 55
  - 9
  - 8
  - 33
  - 46
  - 71
  - 157
  - 340
  - 424
  - 1272
- date: '2003-10-18 07:34:42'
  votes:
  - 56
  - 9
  - 8
  - 33
  - 47
  - 71
  - 158
  - 341
  - 426
  - 1288
- date: '2003-10-18 08:48:35'
  votes:
  - 56
  - 9
  - 8
  - 33
  - 47
  - 71
  - 158
  - 341
  - 426
  - 1288
- date: '2003-12-21 01:24:18'
  votes:
  - 56
  - 9
  - 8
  - 33
  - 48
  - 71
  - 158
  - 344
  - 428
  - 1299
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 56
  - 9
  - 8
  - 35
  - 49
  - 71
  - 159
  - 346
  - 430
  - 1319
id: 540
permalink: /540/an-entire-generation-didnt-graduate-from-clarion-college-in-1992-because-i-installed-civilization-into-the-computer-labs/
score: 8.74
title: An entire generation didn’t graduate from Clarion College in 1992 because I
  installed *Civilization* into the computer labs.
vicpic: victimpics/jan03/civguiltbig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/jan03/civguilt.gif
votes: 2500
---

No, I’m serious. Just a few weeks ago I went back to the reunion and
about half a dozen guys I used to know were missing -- never *did*
graduate. Someone was asking, “What ever happened to Derek Russell? Did
he ever finish his Senior Thesis?” and someone else said, “No, he never
did. Just played video games in the night study all his last semester.
Just the other day, he cornered me outside of Subway and asked me if I
could loan him money to buy a 40.”

Hearing that, I slinked away, trying to bury my head into my shoulders.
See, the game Derek was hooked on was *Civilization*, the original PC
game. And that was my fault.

I came back from Summer break my Senior year with a handful of floppies
that held *Civ* on them. My brother was into it, and I wanted to show it
off to my boyfriend when we got back to campus. Now, that idiot
Sociology professor was hogging the main lab in the Quigley building all
the time, so I slipped down into that little room under the library, the
Night Study that hardly anyone knew about, and installed it on the
network drive there. I wasn’t *supposed* to have access to the network
drive, but the Student Admin got to feel me up when we were dating
Sophomore year so -- yah perks. Anyways.

There it was, on the network drive, and my boyfriend loved it. So much
so that now he’s my husband. But I really can’t credit the game... I
credit the Mongols *in* the game. I’m getting off topic.

My point is, a couple of weeks after that, I saw that someone else was
playing *Civ* down in the Night Study. At first I thought that maybe
someone else had brought the disks in, but then I realized he was using
the network drive. Ah well. Sharing is good. That’s what they told me in
Kindergarten.

Anyways, by mid-terms there was definitely a little ‘Civ-Club’ down in
the basement there. You know ... rule number one: You do not talk about
the fact that *Civilization* is on the network drive at school. Rule
number 2: You do not TALK about the fact that *Civilization* is on the
network drive... I knew it came to a head when I wanted to go down there
to type up my final paper for my European History final.

It was 4 AM and the snow had been falling thick all night long. I
stomped down the steps into the basement, trying to hit the snow off of
my tennis shoes. I unbuckled my coat and threw it down next to the
cubbys at the entrance, then wiped my glasses on my scarf to rub away
the steam. But when I stepped inside the lab itself I was startled to
find that the normally-abandoned night study was full; *every* computer
in there was taken up by guys playing *Civilization*. It bordered on
creepy, like the scene from the cloning vats of some sort of sci-fi
movie.

Derek Russell was right there, front and center, wearing the same
flannel shirt that he was wearing when I’d seen him there yesterday
evening. He had a scrubby shadow of growth on his chin and several empty
mugs of coffee overturned nearby. I was going to ask if he’d be done
soon, but he had such a grim determination in his unwavering eyes that
after peering over his shoulder for a few minutes, I decided not to
bother him.

Instead I turned to Keith Meyers, another Senior who was sitting just
inside the door. “Any word when I can get on this computer?” I asked.

He didn’t look away from the screen. “As soon as I finish killing the
Zulus,” he said. I nodded, sympathetically.

And then I left. Because, hey, I knew how it was with the Zulus.

Anyways, those guys in the computer lab? All of ‘em? That’s right. Not a
*single* one graduated. And it was all ... my ... fault. How do you
atone for something like that? I dunno. I just dunno.