---
blurb: >
  I'm pretty sure a pro *Battlefield* player can make as much as a middle-manager
  at a secure well-funded company. So quit whining and start filling sandbags!
color: false
date: '2003-01-22'
history:
- date: '2003-02-16 03:33:38'
  votes:
  - 29
  - 5
  - 11
  - 7
  - 14
  - 30
  - 64
  - 169
  - 241
  - 813
- date: '2003-02-16 03:34:20'
  votes:
  - 29
  - 5
  - 11
  - 7
  - 14
  - 30
  - 64
  - 169
  - 241
  - 813
- date: '2003-04-09 23:05:10'
  votes:
  - 30
  - 5
  - 11
  - 7
  - 15
  - 31
  - 71
  - 178
  - 253
  - 851
- date: '2003-04-09 23:18:45'
  votes:
  - 30
  - 5
  - 11
  - 7
  - 15
  - 31
  - 71
  - 178
  - 253
  - 851
- date: '2003-06-25 03:42:33'
  votes:
  - 31
  - 5
  - 11
  - 7
  - 15
  - 31
  - 72
  - 184
  - 255
  - 859
- date: '2003-06-25 20:58:26'
  votes:
  - 31
  - 5
  - 11
  - 7
  - 15
  - 31
  - 72
  - 184
  - 255
  - 859
- date: '2003-08-12 16:42:31'
  votes:
  - 31
  - 5
  - 11
  - 7
  - 15
  - 31
  - 72
  - 186
  - 256
  - 865
- date: '2003-10-16 14:24:31'
  votes:
  - 31
  - 5
  - 11
  - 7
  - 15
  - 31
  - 73
  - 187
  - 257
  - 875
- date: '2004-03-01 00:56:54'
  votes:
  - 32
  - 5
  - 11
  - 7
  - 16
  - 32
  - 74
  - 195
  - 262
  - 902
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 32
  - 5
  - 11
  - 7
  - 16
  - 32
  - 74
  - 197
  - 263
  - 914
id: 551
permalink: /551/at-long-last-i-can-finally-live-the-dream-and-play-battlefield-1942-for-a-living/
score: 8.85
title: 'At long last I can finally live the dream and play *Battlefield: 1942* for
  a living.'
vicpic: victimpics/oct02/battlefieldjobbig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/oct02/battlefieldjob.gif
votes: 1579
---

You heard me honey. It was a real roller-coaster ride at work today.
First, we had a giant company meeting where our HR director lectured us
about sexual harassment. Afterwards, three guys asked her out. The
upshot is that for legal reasons, bending people over the copier and
spanking them was no longer an acceptable punishment for poor
penmanship. This made my boss pretty irritable, so at lunch he
barricaded five of us inside the conference room with the bagel cart and
to escape we had to blind him with the overhead projector. At that
afternoon’s departmental meeting he stood on the table and ordered a
keelhauling. And that’s when I did it! That’s when I did it! I told him
that I QUIT!

Just imagine the RUSH, sweetie! Within twenty minutes I had all of my
stuff in a cardboard box and I was shooting the breeze with the security
guys escorting me out of the building. Together we all went to Hooters
for hot wings and I got pretty loaded.

Then out of nowhere a primer-colored Volkswagen Rabbit puttered up to
the bar, so loud we could hear it even through the front window. A
disheveled little fellow clawed his way out and stumbled into the
building. “Mr. Peters! Mr. Peters!” he shouted, looking around
aimlessly.

“Thaz’s me!” I slurred, raising my beer. Some of it dribbled down my
sleeve.

Without waiting for an introduction the guy sat down and told us his
story. Apparently he [needed to raise a thousand dollars to buy back a
ring he lost to someone on eBay](%ARTICLE[550]%). “I’ve been looking
for you for days. I understand you’re one of the best *Battlefield 1942*
players in the area,” he said.

The security guards I was partying with laughed it up. “Thas me!” I
answered. “Erry night! I play Fattlebield like a Fothermucker!”

From his battered coat pocket the kid withdrew a folded up piece of
paper. It was a photocopied announcement about a $10,000 eight-man-team
*Battlefield* tournament coming to the LAN center next to the mall. “Mr.
Peters, sir, I’m willing to pay your $200 entry fee provided I can keep
$2000 of your winnings. Can you assemble a team to win this tournament?”

I straightened up and burped loudly. “You mean -- you mean I can ...
LIVE THE DREAM? You’re giving me a chance to [play *Battlefield* for a
LIVING!?](%ARTICLE[481]%)”

“Yes.”

I saluted. “YESH SIR!” See? Suddenly, I was no longer unemployed. I was
a professional. From now on, I could write off our broadband bills as a
business expense for tax purposes. But more importantly, I had to act
fast to put together a team. I flipped open my cell phone PDA and
started instant-messaging my game buddies.

The best of the best of the best! That’s who I needed. Naturally that
meant that I had to hook up with [Crenshaw and his hood
ornament](%ARTICLE[466]%). For infantry I selected a [strategic
mastermind](%ARTICLE[453]%) who had perfected the Horrifying Human
Wave Attack. My first officer of the navy could be none other than
[Battleship Bill](%ARTICLE[511]%), who reinstituted the long-dead
tradition of Naval Flogging. Naturally I also needed [the finest
engineer the game had ever seen](%ARTICLE[455]%).

But I needed two more players. Who was it gonna be? My first thought was
Jones. I didn’t like playing with him, because [he spends the whole game
talking like a pirate](%ARTICLE[478]%) and none of us understand
him. But he would have to do. And, for an eighth? Who? I needed a real
war veteran ... but none were available. So I went with the son of a war
veteran. Sure, he was a little young for my crack team of commando
professionals, but [Kevin was my man.](%ARTICLE[472]%) If he had
picked up even half of [his dad’s unorthodox anti-sniper
strategy](%ARTICLE[461]%), a winner would be US.

So there you have it, honey. That’s why I was late. I’m a professional,
baby! A professional! Now, help me hang this camouflage netting all over
my home office.