---
blurb: >
  The cool part is, they keep calling me Mitsurugi. "And don't forget it!"
color: false
date: '2003-02-05'
history:
- date: '2003-02-27 08:17:35'
  votes:
  - 92
  - 29
  - 42
  - 39
  - 66
  - 88
  - 141
  - 319
  - 338
  - 1098
- date: '2003-04-09 23:30:29'
  votes:
  - 94
  - 29
  - 42
  - 43
  - 68
  - 89
  - 147
  - 327
  - 351
  - 1154
- date: '2003-04-09 23:33:07'
  votes:
  - 94
  - 29
  - 42
  - 43
  - 68
  - 89
  - 147
  - 327
  - 351
  - 1154
- date: '2003-06-25 21:12:13'
  votes:
  - 95
  - 29
  - 42
  - 44
  - 68
  - 89
  - 149
  - 329
  - 354
  - 1167
- date: '2003-06-25 21:22:56'
  votes:
  - 95
  - 29
  - 42
  - 44
  - 68
  - 89
  - 149
  - 329
  - 354
  - 1167
- date: '2003-08-12 20:49:47'
  votes:
  - 97
  - 29
  - 42
  - 44
  - 69
  - 89
  - 151
  - 330
  - 355
  - 1175
- date: '2004-03-01 01:01:09'
  votes:
  - 98
  - 29
  - 43
  - 45
  - 71
  - 90
  - 154
  - 332
  - 361
  - 1218
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 99
  - 29
  - 43
  - 45
  - 71
  - 91
  - 155
  - 333
  - 364
  - 1235
id: 555
permalink: /555/moving-to-tokyo-in-order-to-be-the-first-to-play-soul-calibur-ii-has-its-downsides/
score: 8.3
title: Moving to Tokyo in order to be the first to play *Soul Calibur II* has its
  downsides.
vicpic: victimpics/feb03/japanesebig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/feb03/japanese.gif
votes: 2500
---

The biggest problem -- aside from the blinding neon lights -- is that I
don’t speak Japanese. Well, allow me to qualify that. I speak a tiny bit
of Japanese. I can say with flawless native accent any one of the six
dozen Japanese taunt phrases used in the original *Soul Calibur* game.

My first day here I stumbled blindly through the airport. My heavy
suitcase kept banging against my legs and I was *starving*. I got to
what looked like a snack counter but there was this guy in front of me
in line who couldn’t decide what he wanted. “Sohsoh ni tachisarei!” I
shouted into his ear -- that’s how Edge Master says “Begone!” The guy
reeled in fear and then took off. “Dare ni mo tomeraren wa!” I cried
after him -- that’s how Cervantes says “No one can stop me.”

I ordered myself a snack by pointing to a cherry muffin and saying,
“Blood! Darkness! Come onto me!”

Outside I tried to catch a bus by screaming, “This match is mine!” but I
don’t think anyone understood. I turned to a Japanese schoolgirl next to
me and said “Kiboh wa sutenai,” which is how Sophitia says “I won’t give
up hope.” I guess it sounded kinda weird because I said it in a
high-pitched girl’s voice. Ah well.

Finding a hotel was really problematic. I wandered the streets for a
while, but didn’t know how to ask “Where is a hotel?” All I could say to
people was, “The name’s Mitsurugi! Don’t forget it!” Finally I found a
promising building. I went inside and tried to negotiate for a room rate
at the front desk. Later on I found out it wasn’t a hotel at all, and
that I was actually talking to a guy behind the counter at a post
office.

“This rod will be your doom!” I told him, trying to hand him some money.
“Uhm ... You want more punishment?” Then he started making a phone call,
which I took as a positive sign. A couple of minutes later, a bunch of
guys in dark uniforms and white helmets came in -- He’d called the cops!

“Do you think you can beat this old man?” I asked, dodging blows from
their nightsticks. Eventually, though, they pinned me down and I was in
handcuffs. “Justice will prevail ... just kidding!!” I hollered. As they
struggled to put me into a van, they kept asking questions.

“Bangoo!” I answered. “I did it for you!”