---
blurb: >
  The people have a right to know! And the Frogloks. They have a right to know, too!
  And the Elves. The Trolls, it's optional, I mean, maybe they have a right to know.
  But definitely the people, the Frogloks, the Elves, the Dwarves, and maybe the Iksar.
color: false
date: '2003-03-05'
history:
- date: '2003-04-09 11:49:32'
  votes:
  - 169
  - 38
  - 32
  - 57
  - 100
  - 147
  - 218
  - 342
  - 309
  - 660
- date: '2003-04-09 11:59:41'
  votes:
  - 169
  - 38
  - 32
  - 57
  - 100
  - 147
  - 218
  - 342
  - 309
  - 660
- date: '2003-07-07 15:30:50'
  votes:
  - 170
  - 38
  - 32
  - 57
  - 100
  - 150
  - 221
  - 345
  - 313
  - 674
- date: '2003-08-23 23:02:05'
  votes:
  - 170
  - 38
  - 32
  - 57
  - 100
  - 152
  - 223
  - 345
  - 315
  - 677
- date: '2003-10-19 04:55:30'
  votes:
  - 173
  - 39
  - 32
  - 57
  - 101
  - 154
  - 224
  - 348
  - 316
  - 679
- date: '2003-10-19 06:43:12'
  votes:
  - 173
  - 39
  - 32
  - 57
  - 101
  - 154
  - 224
  - 348
  - 316
  - 679
- date: '2004-02-07 09:55:37'
  votes:
  - 174
  - 39
  - 32
  - 57
  - 101
  - 156
  - 226
  - 350
  - 319
  - 687
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 174
  - 39
  - 32
  - 58
  - 102
  - 156
  - 228
  - 354
  - 320
  - 692
id: 566
permalink: /566/i-have-what-i-believe-to-be-conclusive-evidence-that-the-archons-minions-everquest-guild-faked-the-dragonslayings/
score: 7.48
title: I have what I believe to be conclusive evidence that the Archon’s Minions *EverQuest*
  guild FAKED the Dragon-Slayings.
vicpic: victimpics/mar03/fakedragonslaybig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/mar03/fakedragonslay.gif
votes: 2174
---

Hello everyone. Thank you for taking a break from your leveling and
lewting to listen to our findings. After months of research I believe
that I can finally and conclusively debunk the claims made by Archon’s
Minions that they successfully killed Lord Nagafen, the *EverQuest* fire
dragon.

Let’s begin with the first of my commission’s findings.

Why, if the alleged Dragon-Slayings took place on November 16, 2002, are
the images posted on the Archon’s Minions Guild homepage marked with
creation dates anywhere from 4:00 PM on November 16 to 8:30 PM on
November *18th!?* Are we expected to believe that the alleged
dragon-killing took place over the course of two whole days? Those
numbers don’t add up, Archon’s Minions. Or should I say: Archon’s
DECEIVERS?

Next slide, please. Let’s take a look at the “screenshots” captured from
the alleged “slaying” event. The timestamp on this screenshot taken by
“Bloodsaage” the level 52 Warrior indicates that this screen capture was
made at 4:38 PM. If you look at this digitally enhanced area of the
photo here, you can clearly see the figure of “BainDramage” the Level 54
Dwarf in the chamber. Now look at THIS photograph, taken by “Keela” the
Cleric at 5:22 PM. LOOK THERE! BainDramage is partially obscured by the
foot of the dragon but down in the chat window we can see him saying,
“Hello everyone! Sorry I’m late.” Does Archon’s Minions seriously expect
us to believe that the Dwarf is greeting everyone at least 46 minutes
AFTER his arrival? We’re not fooled.

Please, hold your questions until the end of the presentation.

Now then, let’s take a look at another of Keela’s alleged “screenshots”
of the supposed “dragon slaying.” BainDramage is standing here, and just
above and behind him is “Whizzbenger” the level 49 Cleric. Look closely
at their shadows, and now see here the light source on this wall. In
this overlay, you can see I’ve triangulated the position of the light
source. I’ve also molded a simulation of there positions out of clay in
this 3D model. Note when I hold up my pen light the obvious
discrepancies in the position of the shadows on this screenshot. What
could explain these discrepancies? Could it be that THE IMAGE WAS
DIGITALLY MANIPULATED?

Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to postulate that Archon’s Minions
FAKED the Dragon-Slaying on a Photoshop-enabled PC in the Nevada Desert
during the weekend of November 16-17, 2002! What would motivate them to
perpetrate such a heinous fraud? Were they perhaps jealous of the
successful Naggy Raid of my guild, The Union of Socialist Dwarf
Republicans, during the wee hours of September 21st, 2002? Their timing
is awfully suspicious!

Please, don’t leave. I’m not done yet. We still have exhibits \#6-37 to
discuss! And see here, I haven’t even got to the damning diagram of the
“Magic” Magic missile trajectory! Okay, fine, go back to hiding your
heads in the sand -- but THE TRUTH IS OUT THERE!