---
blurb: >
  Man, she puts the "booty" in Team ShakaBooty! Oh, I'm sorry, are you still alive?
color: false
date: '2003-04-25'
history:
- date: '2003-10-18 07:40:29'
  votes:
  - 62
  - 7
  - 13
  - 10
  - 10
  - 35
  - 78
  - 200
  - 289
  - 786
- date: '2003-10-18 08:15:49'
  votes:
  - 62
  - 7
  - 13
  - 10
  - 10
  - 35
  - 78
  - 200
  - 289
  - 786
- date: '2004-01-14 00:58:24'
  votes:
  - 62
  - 7
  - 13
  - 10
  - 10
  - 35
  - 79
  - 201
  - 291
  - 790
- date: '2004-02-10 07:26:05'
  votes:
  - 62
  - 7
  - 13
  - 10
  - 10
  - 35
  - 79
  - 203
  - 293
  - 796
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 62
  - 7
  - 13
  - 10
  - 10
  - 35
  - 80
  - 205
  - 295
  - 807
id: 589
permalink: /589/dude-i-know-that-you-love-this-girl-but-what-youre-talking-about-isnt-merely-winning-an-arcade-game--its-suicide/
score: 8.7
title: Dude, I know that you love this girl, but what you’re talking about isn’t merely
  winning an arcade game -- it’s suicide!
vicpic: victimpics/apr03/dance4big.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/apr03/dance4.gif
votes: 1534
---

\[Part IV of *Dance Dance Story.* [Read part I!](%ARTICLE[586]%)\]

Julio, Julio -- I know [you met the girl of your
dreams](%ARTICLE[587]%) in the food court and then [pledged your
love](%ARTICLE[588]%), but what you’re talking about is crazy. It’s
suicide. It’s ... Dance Dance Immolation!!

Face it, brother. She turns with Team ShakaBooty. You dance for Team
ManyMojo. We come from different arcades. You can’t date people from the
other team! That’s crazy talk. This whole mall would fall apart into
anarchy, just like [that time last year](%ARTICLE[311]%) after
*State of Emergency* came out.

No no, I understand the plan. I’m telling you: it’s a crazy plan. I
agree that if you can prove that YOU are the greatest *Dance Dance
Revolution* player on the PLANET, you’d be so Godlike that neither Team
would want to say anything about you dating Violet. But you’re talking
about executing the most difficult *Dance Dance* move ever theorized --
this very weekend -- in tournament play, no less!

**The Challenge X-Meistro Double Drop Rebound Flip off the back bar!**

No way, NO WAY, it can’t be done! It’s the only *Dance Dance Revolution*
move that requires a running start. It was first theorized back when
*DDR* Mix 4 came out, but it’s never successfully been performed except
under optimal laboratory conditions using a Chinese gymnast in a zero-g
freefall chamber.

Don’t you remember? Back in ‘02? Gary Reese tried to do the Challenge
X-Meistro Double Drop Rebound Flip during the Fall dance-off.

*We had to bury him in a Y-shaped coffin!*

Yeah, it’ll impress your new girl. Sure, you’d earn the awe and respect
of both teams. Hell, this mall would never be the same. Except it can’t
possibly work! IT’S SUICIDE! Don’t do it man, no chick is worth it! Not
even -- whoa, is that her, over there? Damn man. After you die, maybe I
can ‘console’ her.