---
blurb: >
  \*snort\* \*snarffle\* \*ZzzzZZZZzzzzzzz-nnkkkkkkzzzz\*
color: false
date: '2000-12-01'
history:
- date: '2002-10-24 19:10:33'
  votes:
  - 104
  - 34
  - 38
  - 45
  - 60
  - 72
  - 123
  - 146
  - 168
  - 570
- date: '2002-12-23 04:05:41'
  votes:
  - 104
  - 34
  - 38
  - 46
  - 60
  - 72
  - 126
  - 147
  - 171
  - 580
- date: '2002-12-23 04:14:11'
  votes:
  - 104
  - 34
  - 38
  - 46
  - 60
  - 72
  - 126
  - 147
  - 171
  - 580
- date: '2003-04-08 22:19:18'
  votes:
  - 104
  - 34
  - 39
  - 47
  - 60
  - 72
  - 131
  - 147
  - 176
  - 590
- date: '2003-08-20 14:50:08'
  votes:
  - 104
  - 34
  - 39
  - 47
  - 61
  - 74
  - 132
  - 153
  - 181
  - 605
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 106
  - 35
  - 41
  - 49
  - 61
  - 74
  - 135
  - 157
  - 184
  - 633
id: 61
permalink: /61/tell-me-about-your-day-honey-i-promise-not-to-fall-asleep-this-time/
score: 7.64
title: Tell Me about Your Day, Honey. I Promise Not to Fall Asleep This Time.
vicpic: victimpics/boredbig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/bored.gif
votes: 1496
---

No, I mean it, I promise, even though I've just worked another 12-hour
shift at the hospital, that I won't fall asleep this time. I really want
to hear about your day. Honestly. I think it's important for us to talk,
honey, for our relationship -- no, really. I won't fall asleep this time
like I did last night. And last week. And all through October.

Okay, so let's start at the beginning. You say the Foto Hut let you out
a whole hour early today? Wow, you must've gotten home by 11:30 AM then.
You must've been excited. Baldur's Gate II again, hunh? I would've
guessed.

So you skipped lunch AND dinner in order to level up your character?
That's great sweetie. Yeah, I missed lunch too, we managed to get a live
liver available from a donor and had to rush it to the medical center
via helicopter. Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt. You say you
made level 15? That's very exciting.

You can cast Cure Critical Wounds now? That's really swell, hon. Today I
saved the life of a small child who went into cardiac arrest from smoke
inhalation using only my two hands and mouth-to-mouth.

Wow, a *+3* sword. Ho boy. Wait til you tell the rest of the guys at
Foto Hut. Almost as exciting as last night when you found that ring that
allowed you to summon Kithrix the spider into combat for your party. I
wish I could've seen it, but we had over 14 burn victims in the unit
yesterday from the pile-up on the freeway. Oh I'm sorry, go on. What
happened in the Drow Elf cavern?

A *flaming* staff? Well crap me stupid. That's just great. And here my
mother said you'd never make anything of yourself. I can't wait to tell
her about the staff. Oh right, and the sword, I forgot about that -- I
must've dozed off.