---
blurb: >
  Funny thing is, I'll be spending more time in prison that the cop-car-chase dude.
  He got off.
color: false
date: '2003-07-03'
history:
- date: '2003-10-05 07:56:02'
  votes:
  - 65
  - 13
  - 18
  - 21
  - 38
  - 71
  - 133
  - 319
  - 379
  - 1194
- date: '2003-10-05 07:59:29'
  votes:
  - 65
  - 13
  - 18
  - 21
  - 38
  - 71
  - 133
  - 319
  - 379
  - 1194
- date: '2003-12-16 18:24:01'
  votes:
  - 65
  - 13
  - 18
  - 21
  - 38
  - 71
  - 134
  - 321
  - 384
  - 1203
- date: '2004-02-12 18:48:46'
  votes:
  - 65
  - 13
  - 18
  - 21
  - 38
  - 71
  - 134
  - 323
  - 386
  - 1208
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 65
  - 13
  - 18
  - 21
  - 38
  - 71
  - 134
  - 324
  - 388
  - 1216
id: 617
permalink: /617/kids-game-boy-and-jury-duty-dont-mix/
score: 8.68
title: 'Kids: Game Boy and Jury Duty DON''T MIX.'
vicpic: victimpics/jul03/jurydutybig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/jul03/juryduty.gif
votes: 2307
---

There aren't any laws on the books about it, well, you know, not
specifically. But there's some crap on there about "Disruption of Trial"
or "Contempt of Court." What that means, in non-legal-lingo-ese, is
*don't play Wario Ware when you're on the jury of a reckless
endangerment case.*

I shoulda been able to pay attention. I mean, the trial started out
pretty exciting. Apparently the dude was accused of leading the police
on a chase through a freeway and two neighborhoods. You think that's
gonna be AWESOME, right? But, by the second week of the trial, the
novelty had worn off. The defense was stalling. They claimed the guy
didn't see the ten cops in his rearview mirror. They claimed he was
rushing to get batteries for his hearing aid, which is why he didn't
hear the choppers, bullhorns, sirens, or gunfire.

Then they called up a parade of witnesses. Dozens of them, and the same
30 questions for each. "Oh yes, it was a big blue car, it was very
fast..." Then the cross examinations! Augh!

By the third week I decided to bring in my Game Boy Advance for a little
bit of the ol' *Wario Ware* during the downtime. That's the day they
called up the driver in question, a little old dude who slumped down in
the witness box and said "Eh?" after every question. He took forever to
speak, and thought about his answer for upwards of 30 seconds after each
question. Screw this, I thought! I very subtly slipped a headphone into
my ear and fired up *Wario.*

*Wario Ware* has a few hundred mini-games, separated by little graphical
gimmicks between each one. After ten minutes or so, I got a little
engrossed. I stopped looking up to pretend to listen to the Defendant. I
was obsessed with the part of the game where you have to outrun the
police in a scooter with a monkey in the trunk. I guess I forgot I was
wearing headphones, maybe got a little lost in the game.

"THROW THE BANANA AT THE COP CAR YOU STUPID MONKEY!!" I blurted out.
Loudly.

They won't even let me post bail.