---
blurb: >
  I hope this doesn't conflict with some other documents I've signed. For instance,
  Activision already has the rights to my internal organs after I die ever since I
  installed Interstate 82 -- that certainly includes reproductive material. Hm!
color: false
date: '2000-12-04'
history:
- date: '2002-12-29 03:38:41'
  votes:
  - 118
  - 25
  - 43
  - 34
  - 76
  - 82
  - 116
  - 171
  - 144
  - 451
- date: '2003-04-07 19:22:11'
  votes:
  - 120
  - 25
  - 43
  - 35
  - 76
  - 82
  - 118
  - 174
  - 147
  - 457
- date: '2003-08-03 17:44:07'
  votes:
  - 120
  - 25
  - 44
  - 36
  - 76
  - 82
  - 126
  - 182
  - 161
  - 489
- date: '2003-10-12 22:09:43'
  votes:
  - 120
  - 25
  - 44
  - 36
  - 76
  - 82
  - 126
  - 185
  - 163
  - 493
- date: '2003-12-13 07:08:10'
  votes:
  - 120
  - 25
  - 44
  - 36
  - 77
  - 82
  - 127
  - 186
  - 165
  - 497
- date: '2004-02-08 11:50:52'
  votes:
  - 120
  - 25
  - 44
  - 36
  - 77
  - 82
  - 128
  - 186
  - 168
  - 501
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 121
  - 25
  - 45
  - 37
  - 77
  - 83
  - 130
  - 188
  - 170
  - 513
id: 63
permalink: /63/the-middle-of-this-end-user-license-agreement-contains-a-freaky-paragraph-in-all-caps/
score: 7.39
title: The Middle of This End User License Agreement Contains a Freaky Paragraph in
  All Caps
vicpic: victimpics/eulabig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/eula.gif
votes: 1408
---

I've read it over a few times and I'm pretty sure that legally, my
interpretation is accurate. The rest of the guys always poke fun at me
for actually reading these things before I click the "okay" button, but
I just can't bring myself to play a computer game unless I know,
legally, what the ramifications of installing it are.

So anyways, here I was installing a certain airplane game from a certain
company that also happens to make operating systems, and I came across
this paragraph, buried about three quarters of the way down the sixth
page:

***SECTION 3 8C-A4. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.**  
 TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL
LICENSOR OR ITS SUPPLIERS OR RESELLERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT,
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF
OR INABILITY TO USE THE PRODUCT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES
FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR
ANY AND ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY THEREOF, AND REGARDLESS OF THE LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY
(CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) UPON WHICH THE CLAIM IS BASED. IN ANY
CASE, LICENSOR'S ENTIRE LIABILITY UNDER ANY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT
SHALL NOT EXCEED IN THE AGGREGATE THE SUM OF THE FEES LICENSEE PAID FOR
THIS LICENSE (IF ANY) AND FEES FOR SUPPORT OF THE PRODUCT RECEIVED BY
THE LICENSOR UNDER A SEPARATE SUPPORT AGREEMENT (IF ANY), WITH THE
EXCEPTION OF DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY THE NEGLIGENCE OF
LICENSOR TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS THE LIMITATION OF
DAMAGES IN SUCH CASES. LICENSEE IS OBLIGED TO FORFEIT ANY OR ALL
REPRODUCTIVE MATERIAL UPON REQUEST OF LICENSOR AT THE LICENSOR'S
EXPENSE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS EXCLUSION AND LIMITATION
MAY NOT BE APPLICABLE. THE LICENSOR IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LIABILITY
ARISING OUT OF CONTENT PROVIDED BY LICENSEE OR A THIRD PARTY THAT IS
ACCESSED THROUGH THE PRODUCT AND/OR ANY MATERIAL LINKED THROUGH SUCH
CONTENT.*

Now, I almost missed it during the first reading, but if you look
closely, I think there's only one way to interpret this. Regardless of
how well the software works, the game publisher is entitled to collect
and keep my unfertilized eggs.

To be fair, they're offering to pay the cost of actually harvesting the
unfertilized eggs from my ovaries, but to be quite honest that's a
pretty painful procedure (as I understand it) and I don't like the idea
that they'd have access to them. Presumably, they'd just sell them to
the black market. But nothing in the license, so far as I can tell,
limits their liabilty for cloning, breeding, etc.

I worry about this kind of thing. But you know, it looks like it's going
to be a pretty cool game, so I accepted the agreement. What's a girl to
do?