---
blurb: >
  My armor? No no, it's all locked away to keep it safe. Well, except for the crotch
  piece. I might need that.
color: false
date: '2003-08-27'
history:
- date: '2004-02-27 18:22:35'
  votes:
  - 65
  - 14
  - 19
  - 25
  - 30
  - 72
  - 139
  - 260
  - 286
  - 806
- date: '2004-02-27 18:23:15'
  votes:
  - 65
  - 14
  - 19
  - 25
  - 30
  - 72
  - 139
  - 260
  - 286
  - 806
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 65
  - 14
  - 19
  - 25
  - 30
  - 72
  - 139
  - 262
  - 289
  - 814
id: 637
permalink: /637/to-my-friends-family-and-loved-ones-i-would-like-to-apologize-in-advance-for-the-weekend-of-debauchery-im-planning-on-tatooine/
score: 8.41
title: 'To my friends, family, and loved ones: I would like to apologize in advance
  for the weekend of debauchery I''m planning on Tatooine.'
vicpic: victimpics/aug03/tatooinebig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/aug03/tatooine.gif
votes: 1742
---

Dearest family and cherished friends,

I am writing this *Star Wars Galaxies* in-game email to you to apologize
in advance for the weekend of debauchery I'm planning on Tatooine.

You know, a three-day weekend is coming up, and my smuggler friend Snoop
Jawa-Jaw just learned how to make narcotics in the game. He can craft
some stuff so whack it's not even illegal yet. We've spent the last week
stockpiling and loading it into backpacks, along with some new
"beverages" that'll cause your "action" bar to stretch across the top of
the screen.

I've also bought a pair of the tightest leather pants I could find, as
well as a pimp-white cloak that I will wear with no shirt underneath.
The rest of my equipment I have placed in a secure storage vault near
the cloning facility. I don't want to have to wake up Monday afternoon
outside the wreck of a sandcrawler with a number of strange tattoos only
to find that my precious sliced laser carbine is missing.

No sir, it's just me, Snoop Jawa-Jaw, and a starship fulla hot Twi'lek
honeys headed out to Tatooine Friday afternoon, hoping to get so smacked
up en route that I won't even remember the loading screen finishing.

But before we ride the booty train hoping to blow every whistle, I just
wanted to preemptively pause and ask your forgiveness for deeds I have
not yet done. I'm sure I'll need it. Sometime Saturday night at 4AM I'm
hoping to wake up in a bleary haze in some unknown cantina with a
mouthful of fur. I'll scream, "Get this Wookie offa me!" and someone
will reply, "Dude, that's not a Wookie." From there, I will consider
this party started.