---
blurb: >
  \[Thanks to everyone who submitted!\]
color: false
date: '2004-02-18'
history:
- date: '2004-03-01 02:30:48'
  votes:
  - 139
  - 25
  - 37
  - 40
  - 59
  - 82
  - 142
  - 205
  - 201
  - 496
- date: '2004-03-01 02:31:30'
  votes:
  - 139
  - 25
  - 37
  - 40
  - 59
  - 82
  - 142
  - 205
  - 201
  - 496
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 266
  - 56
  - 67
  - 65
  - 92
  - 126
  - 214
  - 284
  - 240
  - 670
id: 695
permalink: /695/the-daily-victim-artist-search-is-wrapping-up-like-the-dismal-closure-of-a-lavish-broadway-play/
score: 6.92
title: The Daily Victim artist search is wrapping up. Like the dismal closure of a
  lavish Broadway play.
vicpic: victimpics/feb04/clipboardbig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/feb04/clipboard.gif
votes: 2122
---

My desk was piled high with papers, several of which were on fire. A
couple of weeks ago [Fargo had put me in charge of finding a new
artist](%ARTICLE[694]%), but my Herculean efforts have gone largely
unrecognized.

Fargo called me again this morning. "I'm still in Vegas," he declared.
"But keep that on the down-low. I've bought some fake IDs from a guy
outside the Lucky Strike Pawn Shop and Bail Bonds place, so for the time
being call me *Juan.*"

"Fargo why are you-"

"*JUAN,* I said to call me *JUAN!*" he barked back at me. "You see,
somebody translated my [Top 10 Real-Time Strategy Games of All
Time](http://web.archive.org/web/20040218000000/http://gamespy.com/top10/february04/rts/)
list into Korean, and now the Professional StarCraft League has put a
price on my head of over a billion Korean *Won*. I think that's like a
hundred million US dollars. I'm not sure. In the meantime, I'm living
out of a Buick and talking only on pay phones."

"About the artist search..."

Fargo was happy to change the subject. "Oh yes! Did you get my fax?"

"Yes I did," I replied. "And the artwork you submitted appeared to have
been done by a horse. On further research, I discovered that it was, in
fact, drawn by a horse. One who is very bad at art, even by the
admittedly low standards of his breed."

"But you have to look at the big picture," Fargo whispered into the
phone. "You have to look at how he and I would work together creatively.
And, frankly, I think I could really bounce ideas off of a horse. Horses
are big."

"*His portfolio is a smudgy hoof print!*" I howled. "The ink was mixed
with hay and manure!"

"He *really* wants the job, I think that counts for something -- oh damn
-- do you speak Korean? There's some guys outside my Buick with MAC-10s.
They uh -- I'm leaving. *Think about the horse*."

Then the phone went dead.