---
blurb: >
  Don't you dare snipe the vote! I know people who know people who will give you negative
  feedback!
color: false
date: '2006-02-08'
history: []
id: 700
permalink: /700/i-make-my-living-by-selling-things-on-ebay/
score: 0.0
title: I make my living by selling things on Ebay
vicpic: victimpics/feb06/ebayguy.jpg
vicpic_small: victimpics/feb06/ebayguy_thumb.jpg
votes: 0
---

Good day fine sir. Would you like to buy a slice of pie over eBay? If
you answered, "yes!" (and you should have!) then you're in luck; as I am
none other than the one and only *Master of eBay*.

You see this slice of cherry pie? It was bought at a pitiful
twenty-seven cents. By the time you can even begin to rationalize the
point of buying a piece of pie, I have already resold it for (and I do
not lie): THIRTY-FIVE CENTS. I know you want a slice of that tasty,
creamy profit, but frankly I don't think you have the capacity to even
*comprehend* the profit margins created by the virtual piggy bank of
eBay. You see this watch? I bought it for two dollars from the blind
five-year old next door and with the magic of advertising, sold it for a
hundred and fifty dollars to a dim ruffian from Wisconsin. scrap
compared to the pie, given that I sold it as a working titanium watch (I
am <span class="uline">not</span> responsible for unrelated shipping
damages of course). And then of course there's the time I sold my car on
Ebay for fifteen grand (take that, welfare!) when the buyer didn't
inspect the fine print stating "toy car actually owned by next door
neighbor's blind kid". I am a ruthless capitalist, what can I say?
Getting into a fist fight with one of those tough disabled five year
olds is of course highly treacherous, and recieving a beating is a risk
I purposely take *every day*.

Sure Ebay can *try* to take my cash, but they won't be able to get to my
magnificent home. Being the genius I am, I have cleverly hidden my
dwelling from the view of society by using my next-door neighbor's house
as my mailing address! Not even my comrade at the local law enforcement
who solved the mathematical equation to obtain individuals of the
XX-chromosome (he's had like TWO girlfriends) is that clever! Indeed, I
am the master of electronic bidding by the bay, and people must bend to
my will over any object they want to obtain!

Recently, however, I have began participating in the risky, but
profitable, markets known as Massively Multiplayer Online Role Playing
Games, or MMOs for you pitiful plebians. I started small with Everquest,
but I had lost an awe-inspiring item, which was later identified to be
[the key to the very existence of the server](%ARTICLE[690]%)! In
response to this misplacement, I lost my team Asian farmers I purchased
for two dollars an hour -- apparently they had become one with the
server and had gotten overwritten.

Which brings up another valid argument, you can't rely on anyone who
speaks in emotes and broken "Engrish". Ever. Besides that single
miniscule dilemma, one thing I did learn was to not destroy my market in
a freak poorly-managed-dragon-array-accident again, *no sir*! I quickly
set off to play World of Warcraft, only to find, to my dismay, that
there is an Asian farmer population nearly *quintuple* that of
Everquest's! Mortified by this sickening turn of events, I had to sell
all of my gold for TWO CENTS CHEAPER. Terrible. *Horrifying*.

But now I'm coming back, ladies! I have found the jackpot, a game
founded on concepts of vicious capitalism to such an extent that I can
profit by simply trading goods! Most exquisite! This game is *EVE
Online* and its potential capacity for the creation of money via eBay is
*most impressive*, to say in the least. For example, this one man called
me a "newbie" and I played along -- soon I had conned him out of nearly
TEN CENTS WORTH OF INGAME CASH. All because of my charming wit. I simply
dare you to best me in my never-ending cycle of clever market
manipulation.

*I will own this market.*

\[EDITOR'S NOTE: The preceeding Daily Victim was written by a fan, not
Fargo.\]