---
blurb: >
  Say that again? I can't hear you over the noise of my gums bleeding.
color: true
date: '2001-01-20'
errata:
- Added link to 93 for "Also, they suck at Tribes"
history:
- date: '2002-10-09 11:34:27'
  votes:
  - 85
  - 17
  - 37
  - 25
  - 34
  - 61
  - 114
  - 164
  - 200
  - 762
- date: '2002-12-19 14:52:27'
  votes:
  - 85
  - 17
  - 37
  - 26
  - 34
  - 61
  - 114
  - 165
  - 204
  - 776
- date: '2002-12-19 15:12:24'
  votes:
  - 85
  - 17
  - 37
  - 26
  - 34
  - 61
  - 114
  - 165
  - 204
  - 776
- date: '2003-02-27 19:41:38'
  votes:
  - 95
  - 18
  - 38
  - 29
  - 39
  - 68
  - 125
  - 179
  - 215
  - 817
- date: '2003-04-06 22:27:21'
  votes:
  - 98
  - 19
  - 39
  - 30
  - 40
  - 70
  - 127
  - 181
  - 217
  - 826
- date: '2003-07-07 16:59:26'
  votes:
  - 98
  - 19
  - 39
  - 30
  - 41
  - 71
  - 127
  - 184
  - 219
  - 836
- date: '2003-12-13 20:34:54'
  votes:
  - 100
  - 19
  - 39
  - 31
  - 42
  - 72
  - 128
  - 186
  - 222
  - 854
- date: '2004-02-08 01:17:10'
  votes:
  - 100
  - 19
  - 39
  - 31
  - 42
  - 72
  - 129
  - 186
  - 222
  - 856
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 100
  - 19
  - 39
  - 31
  - 43
  - 72
  - 131
  - 187
  - 225
  - 870
id: 101
permalink: /101/you-want-to-talk-surround-sound-why-stop-at-51-ive-got-an-86-speaker-system/
score: 8.16
title: You Want to Talk Surround Sound? Why Stop at 5.1? I've Got an 8.6 Speaker System
vicpic: victimpics/colorspeakerbig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/colorspeaker.gif
votes: 1736
---

5.1 Surround Sound systems are for small men with small penises. I'm not
trying to exaggerate or make ridiculous claims, I'm just stating the
facts. Men with less speakers get less from the ladies. [Also, they suck
at Tribes](%ARTICLE[93]%).

Allow me to give you a tour of my sonic setup. Ordinarily a 5.1 system
calls for a front left channel, a front right channel, rear left and
right channels, a center channel, and a subwoofer -- hence the name,
five speakers plus a subwoofer. That's more than enough for pansies, but
I plan on breeding.

I've got those five and the subwoofer, allright. Plus, a large,
rotating, manhole-sized speaker mounted onto the ceiling. Then, buried
underneath the floorboards, I have a special subwoofing device that's
approximately 12 feet wide and uses the architectural supports of my
home to help it generate the deep booming bass I need whenever I fire up
a game of Tribes CTF. Often it makes noises so deep that only elephants
can hear it. It requires an inch and a half of sheet metal to protect my
harddrive from the industrial electromagnet contained within, illegal to
operate in this country since '77. People foolish enough to wear metal
watches or earrings into my study sometimes find themselves hurled
painfully to the floor when I boot up. Moreover, the vibrations make a
great diuretic.

That gives me a grand total of 6.2 speakers. But, as you know, I use an
8.6 system. Where are the other two speakers and four subwoofers? I'll
give you a hint. Two of them are *in my pants.* Two line the headboard
of my bed while a third is placed in a special acoustically-tiled
cone-shaped antechamber custom built into the second story of my garage.
The last one I haven't seen since our swimming pool burst, but I can
still hear it whenever I make a capture.

One time my system attempted to notify me of an incoming email and blew
the shingles off of my roof, some of them as far as the next county.

How does my wife feel about this setup? Oh, I think she was a little
upset about the antique bureau that shattered the moment my speakers
registered a direct Tribes mortar hit, but for the most part she sleeps
well in the comfortable knowledge of her man's enormous sexual prowress,
evendent to anyone with the ears to hear it.
