---
blurb: >
  Heh -- I'd like to buy an 'O' -- NOW I get it!
color: true
date: '2001-06-30'
history:
- date: '2002-11-16 20:33:45'
  votes:
  - 88
  - 15
  - 14
  - 16
  - 23
  - 38
  - 69
  - 120
  - 209
  - 1021
- date: '2002-11-16 20:41:00'
  votes:
  - 88
  - 15
  - 14
  - 16
  - 23
  - 38
  - 69
  - 120
  - 209
  - 1021
- date: '2002-12-27 04:50:53'
  votes:
  - 88
  - 15
  - 14
  - 16
  - 23
  - 38
  - 69
  - 120
  - 211
  - 1028
- date: '2002-12-27 04:54:42'
  votes:
  - 88
  - 15
  - 14
  - 16
  - 23
  - 38
  - 69
  - 120
  - 211
  - 1028
- date: '2003-02-19 11:06:04'
  votes:
  - 88
  - 15
  - 14
  - 16
  - 25
  - 38
  - 69
  - 121
  - 212
  - 1036
- date: '2003-02-19 11:27:58'
  votes:
  - 88
  - 15
  - 14
  - 16
  - 25
  - 38
  - 69
  - 121
  - 212
  - 1036
- date: '2003-04-07 05:29:00'
  votes:
  - 90
  - 15
  - 14
  - 17
  - 25
  - 38
  - 69
  - 122
  - 214
  - 1038
- date: '2003-07-07 15:24:25'
  votes:
  - 91
  - 16
  - 14
  - 17
  - 25
  - 38
  - 69
  - 122
  - 216
  - 1045
- date: '2003-08-22 17:00:40'
  votes:
  - 91
  - 16
  - 14
  - 17
  - 25
  - 38
  - 69
  - 122
  - 216
  - 1051
- date: '2003-08-22 17:04:19'
  votes:
  - 91
  - 16
  - 14
  - 17
  - 25
  - 38
  - 69
  - 122
  - 216
  - 1051
- date: '2003-10-16 13:38:10'
  votes:
  - 92
  - 16
  - 14
  - 18
  - 25
  - 38
  - 71
  - 128
  - 222
  - 1077
- date: '2003-12-08 22:11:06'
  votes:
  - 92
  - 16
  - 14
  - 18
  - 25
  - 39
  - 73
  - 132
  - 224
  - 1103
- date: '2003-12-08 22:13:20'
  votes:
  - 92
  - 16
  - 14
  - 18
  - 25
  - 39
  - 73
  - 132
  - 224
  - 1103
- date: '2003-12-09 20:44:02'
  votes:
  - 92
  - 16
  - 14
  - 18
  - 25
  - 39
  - 73
  - 132
  - 224
  - 1103
- date: '2003-12-09 20:47:01'
  votes:
  - 92
  - 16
  - 14
  - 18
  - 25
  - 39
  - 73
  - 132
  - 224
  - 1103
- date: '2004-02-29 17:23:58'
  votes:
  - 92
  - 16
  - 14
  - 18
  - 25
  - 39
  - 74
  - 132
  - 227
  - 1111
- date: '2004-02-29 17:26:16'
  votes:
  - 92
  - 16
  - 14
  - 18
  - 25
  - 39
  - 74
  - 132
  - 227
  - 1111
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 92
  - 16
  - 14
  - 18
  - 25
  - 40
  - 74
  - 132
  - 228
  - 1125
id: 235
permalink: /235/my-adoration-of-the-atari-2600-knew-no-limits--until-yesterday/
score: 8.63
title: My Adoration of the Atari 2600 Knew No Limits ... until Yesterday.
vicpic: victimpics/colorhappybig.jpg
vicpic_small: victimpics/colorhappy.jpg
votes: 1794
---

Actually, lemme back up a little bit. You remember a couple weeks ago
when [I reminisced about a roll of quarters I got](%ARTICLE[227]%)
for my birthday one year? It got me to thinkin' about the good old days.
Back when big hair and blocky games were *in*. Remembe the game Cosmic
Ark, for instance? In my imagination, the Cosmic Ark for the Atari 2600
wasn't some reddish-orange blob on the screen, it was a massive
intersteller structure of such size as to dwarf a city, glistening in
the inky blackness of space with an aura of power and majesty. And I was
in command of it, a master of the cosmic void! You had to use your
imagination back then, you know, because there wasn't anything else to
go on.

So anyways, all those memories made me want to revive my old Atari.
Little did I know exactly how *much* I would end up reviving! I still
had it, even to this day. Somewhere. After an evening's search I found
it under a towel up on the top shelf of my apartment. It was sticky to
the touch and covered with dust. I wiped it off, stuck in a copy of
Pitfall, and turned it on.

... Nothing.

**Disaster In the Skies**

Yeah, it all came back to me. I remembered it clearly, the morning my
Atari died. It was 1986, years after the system's prime. I mean, you
couldn't even buy games for it from the stores anymore. But I decided to
fire it up because I was home sick from school that day, and it was the
day they were going to send that teacher into space. I had planned to
pass time waiting for the shuttle launch by playing Cosmic Ark under a
blanket and pretending I was inside a space ship, just like the kids did
in the commercial. Anyways, I had just beaten the really tough level,
level ten, with the little flapping bat-like creatures -- and in my
excitement I spilled grape soda all over the console. It flickered and
froze with a staticky hum and a red TV screen -- I turned it off,
terrified for my Atari, and flicked the switch on the back of the
television ... but what I saw next (an image burned into every kid's
head of my generation) erased my concern over the welfare of my 2600.

On the TV I saw a billowing explosion and two giant rockets spiraling
upwards out of control like swirling antennae. The shuttle *Challenger*
had blown up. I was mortified. Well, that was the last time I played
Atari, as you can imagine.

But that was 15 years ago! Ages ago. I had many, many fond memories of
that old Atari, and I planned to relive them. I just needed to find a
gaming expert. My buddy Ray, [who was a little too into space games for
his own good](%ARTICLE[232]%), recommended this old guy who ran the
games trade-in store down the street as someone who could help me fix
the grape soda problem.

**The Frightening Wisdom of the Gaming Guru**

Inside the gritty grey store, with piles of games in every conceivable
corner, the [Crazy Old Videogame Guru](%ARTICLE[231]%) sat with his
legs folded under him, lecturing some kid on how to beat 4x4 Evo for the
Dreamcast. I Made my way through the narrow corridor between two
over-stocked shelves of dusty used Sega Saturn and Atari Jaguar titles
and plunked my sticky, dusty Atari onto the counter.

The old man turned to face me, speaking before I could open my mouth.
"You can never *really* go home again," he said. I couldn't find the
words to reply, but he didn't give me a chance. Slowly he reached to
take my hand in his, then placed my palm up against the sides of the old
Atari. "Feel that? Wood grain. Wood grain. Yes, yes. A time gone by, an
age passed, never to return." He stared at the console, intently, then
turned away -- leaving it cradled in my hands.

He seemed to have said all he was going to say on the matter, so I
finally found my voice. "I'd like to fix it," I said.

The old guru didn't look up from his game on the Dreamcast. "Can't," he
said. "Some jackass spilled grape soda on it back in '86. Try e-Bay."

"C'mon, you didn't even open it up. There's got to be a way to, I dunno,
clean the contacts or something. I really want to get this particular
machine working."

With a squeak and the popping of old bones the guru faced me again, this
time levelling his cold green eyes at mine. "I know. But I told you when
you came in -- you can never really go home again!"

We stared at one another.

"Very well," he finally said with a hissing sigh. He reached below the
counter and pulled up a bottle of rubbing alcohol, a handful of Q-tips,
and a greyish green bottle with a peeling faded orange label that read
"Industrial Solvent DO NOT DRINK."

"Ah, now we're talking!" I said. "So I clean it with this stuff?" As I
picked up the sinister grey-green bottle, I noted that I could see the
old man's fingerprints in the thick dust.

"No," he replied. "You open the Atari up, you clean it with the alcohol
and cotton swabs. Then you close it, and you say the sacred ohm, and you
become one with the machine. Lay hands upon it and feel the power
through you, the joysticks in your ports, the signal you're sending the
TV. Finally, you drink the potion inside the dark green bottle."

"It says do not drink!" I protested.

"Ignore it, an old label. I recycle." He nodded, bowing briefly to me,
then returned to his game.

Recovering my Atari and his ingredients, I turned to leave. He stopped
me shortly before I got outside. "Wait a moment!" he said in a gravelly
voice. "Third shelf down, on your left... You'll need that."

I looked over, reached down, and from the pile of games I pulled out a
small black plastic cartridge with a silver label. I gasped: It was
*Cosmic Ark.*

**Reviving a 15 Year Old Electronic Corpse**

"Hey Ray!" I barked into my cell phone as I drove to my house with the
early morning sun behind me. "C'mover to my place. That old fool told me
how to fix the Atari and you won't believe it."

"It's Saturday," Ray yawned back at me, audibly fighting off a hangover.
"If I wake up before 2 it ruins my whole weekend."

"I got *Cosmic Ark!*" I taunted.

"Holy shit. You know, *Cosmic Ark* is like the *BattleCruiser 3000* of
1983. I'll be right over!" Ray burped loudly, to show his pleasure, then
unceremoniously hung up.

Back at my house, I sat cross-legged in front of my wounded Atari and
delicately opened it. Ironically, my TV was showing preparations for
another space shuttle launch -- I turned it off so that I could
concentrate on my project. The mishmash of circuit boards and wires
meant nothing to me, but I dutifully cleaned each one with the cotton
swabs while Ray sprawled out on my couch and begged me not to rub the
cotton so loudly.

Finally the Atari was sealed and ready. I turned on my TV and slid in a
copy of *Combat*. But, once again, I flipped the switch -- and nothing
happened.

"This sucks," Ray said. "What else did the swami tell you?"

"He said I had to become one with the machine." I touched the woodgrain
and closed my eyes. "OOOoohhhhmmm!" I moaned.

"Dude you're seriously frightening me." Ray picked up the sinister
bottle. "What were you supposed to do with this? Embalm something?" he
popped the cork, took a sniff, and his eyes rolled around his head.
"WHEW!"

"I was supposed to drink it, but no way in hell! I think it's industrial
solvent."

Ray peered inside, then sniffed it again. "Dude, no way. It smells like
Mad Dog 20/20, the breakfast of champions. This is just what my hangover
needs." He took a swig and coughed a spasming cough.

"Quiet, I'm concentrating," I said. "OOOohhhhmm!"

"Holy mother. My headache is gone!" Ray shoved the bottle under my nose:
"Drink some!"

"No!" I growled, not opening my eyes.

Ray pulled the bottle away, paused a moment, then pushed it under my
face again. "Then drink some of this, instead." Stupidly, I drank it.
Ray was always pulling that crap on me, ever since gradeschool, and I
always fell for it.

**A Horrible, Yet Glorious, Transfiguration**

Suddenly, the TV came to life. Silent images of a shuttle launch were
replaced by the bright green and blue color-cycling screen of Atari 2600
Combat. Little blocky tanks sat across from one another on the
playfield, ready to fight.

My throat burned from the liquid, as though I had swallowed fire, and
everything seemed to get hazy. The room around me seemed to shrink and
then grow. My television loomed large above me. Fierce with anger, I
turned to face Ray, but the vision that met my eyes caused me to scream.

A twelve-year-old was sitting next to me. He was staring down at his
hands and stomach, where his Tee-shirt was draped over him like a tent.
"Holy CRAP!" he said -- I recognized it as Ray's voice, but it was high
pitched and cracked as he spoke. "My beer gut! My beer gut is gone!"

I shouted something at him, but my own voice was not my own. It was the
froggy voice on an eleven year old. I looked down to find that my feet
had shrunk right out of their shoes, and my belt hung loosely around my
waist. I was eleven all over again.

"Look at the *walls!*" Ray said, pointing. I couldn't believe my eyes --
I had to reach out and feel them myself. The walls ... they were covered
with ...

"Wood panelling!" I gasped. "Like our basement when I was growing up!"

Ray looked at me, at the floor, at the walls, at the Atari, and finally
at the TV. "Dude," he breathed. "We are *home.*" And, with a touch of
reverence, he picked up his joystick.

**The Call of the 2600**

First it was Combat, Combat until our thumbs were raw. And then Pitfall,
but we couldn't play for too long, because we got bored waiting for each
other to die. Next up? I insisted we try the Indiana Jones game, because
I had never solved it. Then Ray wanted to put in Pac-Man, just so we
could make fun of it. Yar's Revenge ate up about a half an hour. I
demanded to play co-operative Space Invaders next, and we decided as the
points racked up that together we still had "the magic."

Ray lost his last ship while I was still going, so he watched me play
for a bit. But he had the attention span of a 12 year old (come to think
of it, Ray *always* had the attention span of a 12 year old), and soon
he grew restless. He paced around the room. "It's like it's 1986!" he
gasped, looking at his skinny hands and freckled face in the mirror.
"Holy crap. I'm 12. Too bad I'm not 17, I could masturbate like five
times a day back then." He suddenly looked skyward, deep in thought. "Am
I too old to breastfeed do you think?" Then another inspiration
distracted him: "I gotta invest in Microsoft!"

While I continued blasting aliens he clumped his way toward my
refrigerator, his shoes flopping. "I could really go for some *peanut
butter and jelly*," he said. He gasped loudly after opening the fridge
door.

"What?" I asked, narrowly avoiding death to clear another board.

"You got BEER in here!" Ray pulled out a can, his jaw hanging open. "I
probably don't have any tolerance. This is gonna ROCK! Do you want one?"

"Are you crazy?" I squeaked. "I'm not old enough to drink! Get me some
grape soda, instead."

Ray padded his way back to me, beer and soda in hand. He froze in his
tracks. "Whoa! *Cosmic Ark!* It calls to me. It speaks to me in my own
language, and that language uses short words, is easy to understand, and
knows how to party."

He waved the cartridge in front of my face as I played. "Cosmic Ark!
Cosmic Ark!" he chanted. I told him to wait until I was done. So he kept
shouting, "MISS!" everytime I tried to fire my laser until finally I
died.

"YOU'RE A BUTTMUNCH!" I whined as he shut off the game. He plugged in
*Cosmic Ark* but I grabbed his hand before he hit the 'on' switch. "Dude
we have to put a blanket over our heads and the TV like we're in a
spaceship. Duh."

"Wow yah," he agreed. "I put the whole mission in jeopardy."

While I unfurled the sheet, he cracked open his beer, took a sip, and
winced with pain. "Holy crap! All this time all my girlfriends were
right -- MGD *does* taste like ass!" He looked around and burped. "I
think I'm drunk already. Check it: We could score with a 16 year old
chick right now and it would still be legal. Hey, you know when I was 12
I always used to watch Wheel of Fortune and fantasize about Vanna
White?"

"Yesterday you were 27," I said, draping the blanket over us. "And you
still watched Wheel of Fortune and fantasized about Vanna White."

"I'd like to buy an ... O," he mumbled.

**The Cosmic Ark Returns: A Mission of Mercy**

We settled in, necks craned forward, and turned the game on. The great
orange Cosmic Ark hovered before us, poised for its life-saving mission
across the cosmos. Wordlessly I cracked open my grape soda while Ray
started the game.

"Oh man," he sighed. "The depth of the gameplay here is rivaled only by
the work of --" and here he whispered: "*Derek Smart.*"

"Look out, meteors!" I cried as the storm buffeted our ship. Purple
grape-stains formed around my lips. Ray hadn't lost his touch; landing
after landing he scooted his recovery vehicle past the planetary defense
systems and rescued the little creatures below. Life was good. Life was
very, very, very good.

Suddenly, he reached the surface of planet ten, and I spotted the little
bat creatures flapping around below him. "C'mere, bat bitches!" he
crooned, slightly buzzing from his half of a beer as he guided his ship
toward the surface of the planet. That's when it hit me: The terrible
fate of those astronauts in 1986. It was all coming together. The grape
soda, the tenth planet, Cosmic Ark, the shuttle mission -- no no NO! I
had to stop it!!

"STOP!" I cried, trying to grab the joystick. Ray squirmed away. "You
can play after I die," he said.

I crawled up to my knees and whirled to face him. "No no! If you beat
Planet ten with the bat creatures the space shuttle will explode and
*people will die!*"

He said the word 'bullcrap' but disguised it with a cough. "It's my turn
dillwad. You can *not* rescue the bats on *your* turn."

"Gimmie the joystick!" I yelled, grabbing. "Lives are at stake! The
future of man and space! GIVE ME THE JOYSTICK!"

Ray pushed me away with his foot. "Nuh-unh I called nexties while you
were playin' Space Invaders, gamewhore!"

Then, amidst our wrestling, and only moments before he left the surface
of planet ten ... I knocked over the grape soda. It spilled all over the
slatted surface of the 2600. My television went all red and a staticky
hum erupted from the machine.

Suddenly I was dizzy, and the room spun around me. I grew tall, straight
up, through the blanket until I found it wrapped around my head. When I
threw it aside I saw that the TV was showing the shuttle launch --
NASA's ship rocketed gracefully into the air and spun in a slow turn
until it reached earth orbit. "THEY'RE ALIVE!" I cried, shocked to hear
my normal adult voice return. "I SAVED THE ASTRONAUTS!" I danced around
the room, my shoes now snug to my feet and my belt wrapped tightly
around my waist once more. "I SAVED OUTER SPACE!"

Ray, on the other hand, held his joystick in one hand and his beer gut
in the other. He glowered at me with sunken eyes. "My buzz is totally
gone," he rumbled. "Smooth move, Dorkweed."