---
blurb: >
  Ah! Another vote cast for the call of freedom! My friend, I tell you this -- once
  you discover the miracles of aloe and cedar chips, you will learn that your dependance
  on toilets is a mockery! Game developers -- please, please. Two words: destructable
  toilets.
color: false
date: '2000-10-24'
history:
- date: '2002-10-09 16:50:33'
  votes:
  - 101
  - 24
  - 30
  - 45
  - 54
  - 59
  - 109
  - 165
  - 175
  - 635
- date: '2002-10-09 17:06:29'
  votes:
  - 101
  - 24
  - 30
  - 45
  - 54
  - 59
  - 109
  - 165
  - 175
  - 635
- date: '2002-12-23 00:37:20'
  votes:
  - 101
  - 25
  - 30
  - 45
  - 54
  - 63
  - 110
  - 171
  - 183
  - 667
- date: '2002-12-23 01:09:44'
  votes:
  - 101
  - 25
  - 30
  - 45
  - 54
  - 63
  - 110
  - 171
  - 183
  - 667
- date: '2003-02-05 08:36:54'
  votes:
  - 101
  - 25
  - 30
  - 45
  - 54
  - 63
  - 113
  - 172
  - 184
  - 684
- date: '2003-02-05 09:18:47'
  votes:
  - 101
  - 25
  - 30
  - 45
  - 54
  - 63
  - 113
  - 172
  - 184
  - 684
- date: '2003-04-07 02:27:08'
  votes:
  - 101
  - 25
  - 30
  - 47
  - 54
  - 63
  - 114
  - 173
  - 185
  - 690
- date: '2003-07-07 12:24:35'
  votes:
  - 102
  - 25
  - 30
  - 47
  - 54
  - 64
  - 114
  - 174
  - 187
  - 708
- date: '2003-10-16 16:58:28'
  votes:
  - 102
  - 25
  - 30
  - 47
  - 54
  - 67
  - 114
  - 179
  - 191
  - 724
- date: '2003-12-12 15:27:07'
  votes:
  - 103
  - 25
  - 30
  - 47
  - 54
  - 67
  - 115
  - 180
  - 192
  - 732
- date: '2004-02-28 06:53:57'
  votes:
  - 103
  - 25
  - 30
  - 47
  - 54
  - 68
  - 115
  - 182
  - 194
  - 744
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 103
  - 25
  - 30
  - 48
  - 55
  - 68
  - 116
  - 182
  - 196
  - 760
id: 27
permalink: /27/the-exploding-toilet-was-the-best-part-of-lethal-weapon-3/
score: 7.94
title: The Exploding Toilet Was the Best Part of Lethal Weapon 3
vicpic: victimpics/plungerbig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/plunger.gif
votes: 1606
---

Like you, I play a lot of videogames. Did you notice, nowdays, that as
games begin to rely on realistic environments, they more and more
frequently contain a toilet? Like me, I'm certain that you've tried to
destroy any toilet you find in a game. Yet time and time again, the
toilet is indestructable.

This should come as no surprise. Our society has some sort of sick
obsession with the purity and infallability of our porcelin gods. I
don't know why it is -- perhaps its because our naked naughty bits are
always touching them, so we feel the need to believe that they are
inheriently flawless.

My eyes were first opened to the problem when I watched the movie
"Lethal Weapon 3," starring Bruce Willis and that Oedipus dude from the
Matrix. In one scene, paramont to the film, the hero is nearly killed by
a bomb planted in his toilet. Oh, sure, he survives -- but, in a moment
of profundity, the toilet itself is blown out of the house where it
lands, smouldering, on the street.

I had found my calling.

I started off like many of us do, with little hit and run attacks.
Cherry bombs in the college dormatory bathrooms, that sort of thing.
Later on, I graduated to plastique. I studied the archaic arts of
plumbing and sanitation. Soon I was capable of field-stripping an
American Standard urinal in under 21 seconds, and my determination to
overthrow the porcelocracy grew as fast as my knowledge expanded. After
school I would take the occasional odd job as a security guard in order
to scope out and destroy new toilets in previously inaccessable areas.

One day I discovered that the Hall of Famous Inventors in Akron, Ohio
was exhibiting a state of the art toilet with heated seats, motorized
height adjustment, and blowdryer capability. Fate drew me to Akron to
complete my destiny. Using this toilet as an example, I would begin a
revolution that would sweep the world, that would show the pathetic
masses that their crisp shiny white idols were no less human than they
were.

Dressed in tights with my underwear on the outside, I outwitted their
shameful security precautions and dangled with ease above the toilet
from a displaced ceiling tile. I lowered myself down between the laser
security grid and filled the bowl full of explosives. I chose to use
50kg of GeoGel gelatin seismic dynamite both for its superior water
resistance and maximum visual effect.

Security guards caught me on the way out, but by then it was too late.
"Observe my moment of triumph!" I cried as they cuffed me. "Behold the
grim humbling of your former tyrant!"

With those very words, the mighty toilet shattered in a roaring arc of
powedered porcelin and twirling mechanical innards. Windows burst into
sparkling showers of glass from the pressure wave and the very floor
shook with the fury of the titan's demise. Victory was mine!

Afterwards the cops admitted it was pretty cool and let me go.