---
blurb: >
  I hear she's gone pro. Just a rumor. But ... that's what I hear. Found her true
  calling, I guess.
color: true
date: '2002-06-01'
history:
- date: '2002-12-05 05:11:49'
  votes:
  - 139
  - 26
  - 41
  - 47
  - 63
  - 100
  - 197
  - 344
  - 474
  - 1371
- date: '2002-12-05 06:05:34'
  votes:
  - 139
  - 26
  - 41
  - 47
  - 63
  - 100
  - 197
  - 344
  - 474
  - 1371
- date: '2003-02-27 19:23:46'
  votes:
  - 139
  - 26
  - 41
  - 47
  - 63
  - 101
  - 197
  - 344
  - 475
  - 1376
- date: '2003-02-27 19:24:13'
  votes:
  - 139
  - 26
  - 41
  - 47
  - 63
  - 101
  - 197
  - 344
  - 475
  - 1376
- date: '2003-04-23 06:53:14'
  votes:
  - 140
  - 26
  - 41
  - 47
  - 63
  - 102
  - 197
  - 345
  - 477
  - 1379
- date: '2003-04-23 07:00:47'
  votes:
  - 140
  - 26
  - 41
  - 47
  - 63
  - 102
  - 197
  - 345
  - 477
  - 1379
- date: '2003-06-27 22:05:03'
  votes:
  - 140
  - 26
  - 41
  - 47
  - 64
  - 102
  - 197
  - 345
  - 478
  - 1385
- date: '2003-08-02 18:11:02'
  votes:
  - 141
  - 26
  - 41
  - 47
  - 64
  - 104
  - 199
  - 346
  - 480
  - 1394
- date: '2003-10-05 00:56:06'
  votes:
  - 141
  - 26
  - 41
  - 48
  - 64
  - 104
  - 200
  - 346
  - 481
  - 1399
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 143
  - 26
  - 42
  - 48
  - 64
  - 105
  - 201
  - 348
  - 485
  - 1419
id: 382
permalink: /382/occasionally-a-man-has-to-throw-down-for-the-woman-he-loves/
score: 8.33
title: Occasionally a man has to throw down for the woman he loves
vicpic: victimpics/may02/smashbrosbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/may02/smashbros.png
votes: 2907
---

Things had been strained with my girlfriend and I -- I think it all
started when she [started kicking my butt at *Super Smash Brothers
Melee* using the Princess](%ARTICLE[379]%). She didn’t take it well
when I took us both to see [The Jedi Master](%ARTICLE[380]%) for
pre-marital smash counseling. But this weekend I realized something -- I
was watching her [demolish the campus *Smash Bros.* champion with
turnips and a frying pan](%ARTICLE[381]%) and realized that I had
found my true love. And here, I was letting her slip away. Into the arms
of a frat guy who played as Donkey Kong and *looked* like him, too.

Angrily I rose to my feet. "You listen here, Jake Reynolds," I called
out to my new nemesis and rival. "You can smack me at my own game, you
can pummel me with the folding umbrella or home run bat, but you can not
-- will not -- not EVER -- take away my woman."

"Impatient, like his father," whispered the Jedi in awe.

Jake, the campus butcher, didn’t budge from his seat. He looked at me
with cold eyes. Then he eyed my girlfriend, who was looking at us both
in a new light. Then he turned his attention to the video game. And
finally those cold grey eyes came back to me. "You want to settle this
like men?" he asked, pointing a calloused thumb at the television set.

"PROVE YOUR LOVE!" I demanded. The game was on, me against Jake, three
lives each, *Smash Bros. Melee*, no time limit. I selected Zelda, and he
selected that damnable ape.

"Oh WOW," my girlfriend exclaimed, clapping her hands together. "They’re
fighting over me! Nobody’s ever punched the monkey for LOVE before!"

"I have," whispered the Jedi. I’m not quite clear on why I invited him.

Silently and intently, Jake reached into his bookbag. He withdrew a
sturdy metal case with a combination lock, placing it gently onto his
lap like a newborn baby. "012" was the combination, the number of the
monkey. When he opened the case, a light shone from within, illuminating
a velvet-lined interior containing a single polished Nintendo wireless
Wavebird controller. He gingerly removed it, plugged the receiver into
my GameCube, then slowly polished his controller with a felt rag until
it sparkled in the light. Sweat cascaded from my brow.

"Give me some Jedi wisdom or something!" I hissed to my trainer.

"My young Padawan... You are SO screwed," he replied.

But somehow I screwed up my courage. I realized I had a cause. The match
began, and lit from a fire within, I was a force of nature. It was, my
friends, the finest game of *Smash Brothers* I have ever played. I was
hurling Pokeballs with needlepoint precision. I was busting out with
sidesteps. I even boomeranged that damn monkey out of mid air.

But Jake, Jake was playing for real. His skill with Donkey Kong was of
such a caliber as to defy words. He was a ballet of fist and fur, a
macabre dance of wicked monkeyshining that could turn a casual evening
of play into a commercial for Samsonite Luggage. He wielded the laser
gun like a Japanese Geisha fandancer.

The match went on ... and on. No contender could seem to get the upper
hand. We each lost our first life, then our second. Then a double KO. We
went to overtime. It was a ten minute marathon of play that seemed to
last a lifetime. Then, whirling from the sky, goodies appeared -- an
electric sword and a Pokeball. Jake grabbed the ball, but my Jedi
training instructed me to go for the former. Weapons in hand, we made
the final lunge toward one another. The Pokeball exploded -- Would it be
my doom? NO! A weak-assed Magickarp tumbled out and onto the ground,
flapping uselessly. I struck a mighty blow with my electric sword and
sent Jake and his infernal money tumbling from the map, never to be seen
again. "Nooooooo!!" he cried, his hoarse voice reverberating around my
dorm room walls.

I turned to my woman, flush with triumph, filled with a strength I never
knew I’d had. "I love you!" I said, breathlessly. "I love you!"

She bit her upper lip, not really looking away from the television set.
"You know," she said offhandedly. "I don’t think I could date *either*
of you. I mean, that was a completely weak demonstration of skillz. You
guys couldn’t edge-guard for ass. *Smash Brothers* with you guys is like
watching old women park cars." She shook her head. "Yeah, I gotta find
me a man with some real *cajones* on the game board." And with that, she
walked out, a changed woman.

We sat in awkward silence.

"Best of three?" Jake asked.