---
blurb: >
  I'm not saying I've sworn off my skillz or anything. No, I'll throw down. But only
  when it needs to happen.
color: true
date: '2002-06-08'
history:
- date: '2002-10-21 02:14:40'
  votes:
  - 157
  - 32
  - 42
  - 32
  - 44
  - 81
  - 179
  - 313
  - 425
  - 1373
- date: '2002-12-04 21:52:09'
  votes:
  - 159
  - 32
  - 42
  - 32
  - 44
  - 81
  - 181
  - 315
  - 426
  - 1391
- date: '2002-12-04 21:54:22'
  votes:
  - 159
  - 32
  - 42
  - 32
  - 44
  - 81
  - 181
  - 315
  - 426
  - 1391
- date: '2003-02-18 02:51:11'
  votes:
  - 159
  - 32
  - 42
  - 32
  - 44
  - 81
  - 181
  - 316
  - 426
  - 1398
- date: '2003-04-06 13:08:47'
  votes:
  - 160
  - 32
  - 42
  - 32
  - 44
  - 81
  - 181
  - 317
  - 429
  - 1401
- date: '2003-07-20 06:43:11'
  votes:
  - 160
  - 32
  - 42
  - 32
  - 44
  - 81
  - 185
  - 320
  - 432
  - 1415
- date: '2003-08-02 13:56:51'
  votes:
  - 160
  - 32
  - 42
  - 32
  - 45
  - 81
  - 185
  - 320
  - 432
  - 1417
- date: '2003-08-02 16:19:58'
  votes:
  - 160
  - 32
  - 42
  - 32
  - 45
  - 81
  - 185
  - 320
  - 432
  - 1417
- date: '2003-12-16 15:14:35'
  votes:
  - 160
  - 32
  - 42
  - 33
  - 46
  - 82
  - 186
  - 324
  - 434
  - 1443
- date: '2004-02-11 11:37:27'
  votes:
  - 161
  - 32
  - 42
  - 33
  - 46
  - 82
  - 186
  - 325
  - 436
  - 1452
- date: '2004-02-11 11:38:43'
  votes:
  - 161
  - 32
  - 42
  - 33
  - 46
  - 82
  - 186
  - 325
  - 436
  - 1452
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 164
  - 32
  - 42
  - 34
  - 47
  - 83
  - 187
  - 326
  - 438
  - 1465
id: 387
permalink: /387/my-super-smash-bros-skillz-have-led-me-on-an-odyssey-to-the-lowest-depths-of-humanity/
score: 8.34
title: My *Super Smash Bros.* skillz have led me on an odyssey to the lowest depths
  of humanity
vicpic: victimpics/jun02/colorponytailbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/jun02/colorponytail.png
votes: 2845
---

Ever since I was a teenager I've known that I had inhuman *Super Smash
Bros.* skillz on the Nintendo. It [caused some friction with my
boyfriend](%ARTICLE[379]%) and eventually caused a [huge
fiasco](%ARTICLE[381]%) during a [party on
campus.](%ARTICLE[382]%) I decided that I needed a little "me time"
to come to grips with the dark arts that I possessed.

That very weekend, since my finals were out of the way, I hopped into my
car, filled it up, and roared off to the freeway leaving a spray of
gravel and an uncertain past behind me. My car was a beaten up '82
Nissan 280ZX, metallic brown, with a mismatched fender. Despite the
rattle of the engine, it had enough kick to put a lot of distance
between myself and my problems by the time the sun came up, illuminating
a grizzled stretch of a state highway winding amidst scrub-covered
hills. The cracked asphalt made my tires hum with a driving rhythm that
eventually began to put me to sleep. I pulled over into the gravel
driveway of the first sleazy motel I could find.

Neon hummed in the purple dawn, announcing that rooms were available (to
be fair, the sign said "VA NCY"). The man behind the counter of the
wood-paneled reception wore a faded ballcap and stared at me hard with
crow-clawed eyes. Not many young women probably traveled alone in these
parts. I could see it in the way he looked at me.

Keys in hand, I was on my way to my room when I heard the sound. That
music ... it was from the mushroom kingdom stage. I heard an item fall
onto the screen, then the smash of a box being opened ... that's right.
The sounds of *Super Smash Bros. Melee* sent my blood pounding through
my veins and sent any thoughts of sleep scurrying. In the room three
doors down from mine, a little eight year old boy was playing the game,
his head tipped at an unhealthy angle as he sat right up against the
rickety motel TV cart. He turned and saw me standing at the door. "Wanna
play?" he asked.

"You wanna *BRING IT!?*" I replied.

I'm not proud of what happened next. I picked the Princess, and he
laughed out loud in that cackle that little boys have. "You're the
*Princess!* Hah hah! I'm Bowser! Bowser RULEZ!" Taunted like that, I
held nothing back. Turnips and toads got hurled like some kind of sick
Catholic school punishment. With each successful blow I cried out "Take
it! Take it all!" I totally drove that little boy and his turtle into
the ground.

By the time his parents came back from the vending machines, they found
us sitting on the floor playing, their son in tears. "What did you DO!?"
they asked me, furious. I really couldn't explain myself. Skillz make
you do insane things, you know? I learned a little something that
morning, trudging to my tiny motel room in the rays of the morning sun:

With great power comes great responsibility.

Two days later and a few hundred miles north, I was wending down a
little two-lane state road on the other side of the hills. Here the air
was hot and free from humidity, and my drive was punctuated by rough
sand and gravel tapping against the frame of my Z as I gunned along.

In front of me growled a weathered green pickup truck. Cars don't rust
in this kind of climate, which was probably all that kept this monster
on the road. The wooden slats that lined either side of the truckbed
wobbled as the machine roared along. It belched black smoke and crawled
along at 45, but I slowed down and didn't pass it. Why? Because ...
almost invisible to all but the untrained eye ... there was a sticker on
the bumper. A sticker of a Mario mushroom icon.

I followed slowly behind the truck, inhaling its choking exhaust, trying
to make sense of it or to get a glimpse of the driver. Was this some
kind of calling? A sign from above? Then, almost without warning, the
truck veered off the road into the dirt and gravel parking lot of a
weed-encrusted hovel of a bar. At first I drove on ... maybe a mile or
more. But curiosity got the best of me. I wheeled around and drove back,
pushing aside the orange rays of the setting sun with my visor. The bar
was the most unwelcoming sty of a place I'd ever seen, but nonetheless I
ground up to a parking space. Parked next to me was a blue Impala with a
sticker on the windshield that said "I Rule Hyrule," along with the
Legend of Zelda icon. The hairs on the back of my neck stood up as I
made my way inside.

Smoke was thick in the fetid air of the dive. Two of the three pinball
games were out of order. Guys with thick fur on their arms played pool
in the dimly lit back alcove, pausing to look up at me and snort. The
Jukebox played "Highway to Hell." In the corner above the bar, two
enormous men in wifebeater tee shirts were watching Pokemon cartoons.
When they saw me, they quickly flipped over to a hockey game.

I sat down at the bar and ordered a Rolling Rock. As they muscled
bartender popped the cap off of the green bottle, I couldn't help but
notice the Metroid Tattoo that wound up his bicep. Something was
definitely going down at this place, and I was going to get to the
bottom of it.

You don't get to master *Super Smash Bros.* unless you're able to keep
track of fifty or sixty things happening simultaneously. I watched that
room like a hawk over the next hour and a half. One by one customers
came into the bar and eventually went to the men's room. The guys
playing pool went there, too. Same with the big guys watching TV. Even
the bartender stepped out, once his replacement came. But I counted each
and every one. More people went *into* that men's room than came *out*
of it.

As casually as I could muster, I made my way to the bathrooms. Was
anyone looking? The biker guy with the eyepatch? The man with the wooden
arm? The chubby truck driver wiping chicken wing sauce onto his
tee-shirt? No? As quick as any of them could blink I pounded my way into
the Men's room, clasping the door shut behind me. It *was* an ordinary
bathroom, even though it reeked of filth and was covered in crust and
hair. But it was *empty!*

Metal bars covered the window, which looked as though it'd been painted
shut since the seventies. The door I came in was the only visible exit,
solid wood with a broken mirror on the inside. One of the stalls was
out-of-order, covered in police do-not-cross tape. With no other option,
I kicked open the door to the out-of-order stall. The tiles inside were
caked with filth, and the once-white toilet had red lines of rust
running down its porcelain surface. But there ... on the lid ... was a
picture of Pikachu. What did it mean? With a sweaty hand I reached
forward and yanked on the handle of the toilet. With a lurch, the whole
stall moved!

Gears gnashed and ground against each other as the toilet and the floor
I was standing on lowered themselves into the basement. I found myself
in a giant creaking room, whose wooden beamed ceiling rained dust as the
people walked back and forth in the bar above. Bare light bulbs tied to
several of the wooden supports lit the basement, throwing slanted
shadows across the rough cement walls. In the center of the room,
gathered around an old standalone living room television set, was a knot
of the most wretched people I'd ever seen. The bartender stood before
the front of the pack.

"The first rule of the Super Smash Club," he said, "Is that you do not
TALK about the Super Smash Club. The second rule of the Super Smash
Club, is that YOU DO NOT TALK about the SUPER SMASH CLUB." The men
nodded in agreement. "There are only four guys to a fight. There are no
time limits. We are not here to collect coins: we are here to knock each
other off the map. The final rule: If this is your first night at the
Super Smash Club, you HAVE to fight."

At last I saw the Nintendo GameCube sitting crookedly on the dirt floor,
with four controllers strung from the front of the console. Four men
grabbed these and started going at it on the Brinstar map. I was
mortified at the level of competition; it was a bloody, smack-talking,
fist pounding, bomb throwing, turtle-shell-using throwdown of a battle.
The throng of men hollered and whooped and yelled until they were hoarse
as the unrelenting match continued.

Never before had I seen such a toothless knot of gnarled humanity. Old
baseball caps, three-day old beards, torn flannel and faded jeans. Keys
on chains. Spiked bracelets. Bowser tattoos. Jackboots.

At last the sea of men parted as the bartender pointed at me. It was as
though they took notice of me for the first time. They didn't treat me
any different 'cuz I was a woman. No, they wanted a piece of the
Princess. The bartender's fingernail was blackened, and quivered in the
air between us as he pointed. "You," he said. "FIGHT."

I spread my arms, palms upright, tingling with anticipation. I made a
"c'mere' gesture with my middle fingers and eyed the crowd. "Which of
you bitches wants to throw down?" I asked.

The battle that raged over the next three minutes in that fetid basement
changed my life forever. It's not important what happened. I mean, it
was a *real* match, unlike any I'd ever played. It was a desperate,
ear-pulling, drag out, monkey-punching, pokemon-throwing,
barrel-smashing POUNDER. When I finally stood victorious in the center
of the carnage, I was up to 168% damage and covered in sweat. The guys
in the club were going nuts. They were rolling in the dirt, they were
tearing their clothes, they were throwing beer bottles against the
cement wall and howling like wolves in heat. Then, with an authority
unlike any I have ever known, I set my sweat-covered controller down in
the dirt.

"You know," I said, the light dawning on me for the first time. "I just
realized something. You guys ... you guys are all *weird!*"

So I drove back to school. I mean, just because you own the mad skillz,
doesn't mean the mad skillz have to own *you.* You know?