---
blurb: >
  Although several sites reported that Carmack's speech was the best ever. Hmm.
color: false
date: '2002-08-15'
history:
- date: '2002-11-06 03:24:31'
  votes:
  - 45
  - 4
  - 14
  - 6
  - 24
  - 40
  - 83
  - 172
  - 257
  - 895
- date: '2002-11-06 03:32:00'
  votes:
  - 45
  - 4
  - 14
  - 6
  - 24
  - 40
  - 83
  - 172
  - 257
  - 895
- date: '2002-12-24 04:25:52'
  votes:
  - 45
  - 4
  - 14
  - 6
  - 24
  - 40
  - 83
  - 176
  - 259
  - 907
- date: '2003-02-05 05:13:30'
  votes:
  - 45
  - 4
  - 14
  - 6
  - 24
  - 40
  - 83
  - 178
  - 261
  - 911
- date: '2003-02-05 05:38:09'
  votes:
  - 45
  - 4
  - 14
  - 6
  - 24
  - 40
  - 83
  - 178
  - 261
  - 911
- date: '2003-04-21 15:37:39'
  votes:
  - 45
  - 4
  - 14
  - 6
  - 24
  - 40
  - 84
  - 179
  - 263
  - 914
- date: '2003-08-22 17:14:13'
  votes:
  - 46
  - 4
  - 14
  - 6
  - 24
  - 40
  - 85
  - 181
  - 271
  - 958
- date: '2003-08-22 17:16:39'
  votes:
  - 46
  - 4
  - 14
  - 6
  - 24
  - 40
  - 85
  - 181
  - 271
  - 958
- date: '2004-02-08 08:20:36'
  votes:
  - 46
  - 4
  - 14
  - 6
  - 24
  - 40
  - 87
  - 182
  - 276
  - 963
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 46
  - 4
  - 14
  - 6
  - 24
  - 40
  - 89
  - 183
  - 277
  - 968
id: 442
permalink: /442/the-pr355-n1nj4-returns-operation-quakecon-doomiltration/
score: 8.84
title: 'The PR355 N1NJ4 returns! Operation: QuakeCon Doomiltration'
vicpic: victimpics/aug02/ninjabig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/aug02/ninja.gif
votes: 1668
---

The life of a PR355 N1NJ4 is hard indeed -- many websites don't even
know that I'm writing for them until it's too late. Although my fansite
scored big points with my [Microsoft GameStock
scoop](%ARTICLE[145]%), my [unfortunate capture during last year's
E3](%ARTICLE[200]%) nearly blew my cover. I laid low for a while,
but a PR355 N1NJ4 can smell a scoop the way dogs smell fear. And I
smelled [QuakeCon
2002](http://web.archive.org/web/20020815000000/http://www.gamespy.com/articles/august02/quakecon2002/).
I smelled it all the way from my secret Mountain Dojo in Alaska.

It was too late to register, but the only thing PR355 N1NJ4s register
for is their cars. Still, although this was primarily a community event,
I knew security would be tight. Why? Because they were [showing *DOOM
III*](http://web.archive.org/web/20020815000000/http://www.gamespy.com/articles/august02/quakecon2002/)
within the confines of a [small fortified impenetrable
chamber](img//e32002/pc/doom3b/2.jpg). Many a bold PR executive has made
the claim that their booths are impenetrable ... I scoff at such a
boast, although you wouldn't be able to tell with this mask on. I
planned to get a scoop so big it would put the New York Times out of
business. I made arrangements to get into Texas under a fake name.

At last the day arrived. My plan for infiltrating the event was simple.
First, I hollowed out the innards of a mechanical bull. Once I was
safely inside of the steakhouse across the street from the convention, I
waiting until an extremely popular line dance was playing and then
slipped quietly from the bowels of the bull as though it were giving
birth. As boots thudded on the wooden dance floor I shimmied up the
curtains on the wall and up through the ceiling tiles until I had a
clear line of sight from an attic vent to the QuakeCon hotel. With a
near-silent "whipt" of air, my miniature grappling hook and titanium
grapple shot through the nighttime sky and caught into the gutterwork of
my target. I hooked my equipment onto the microfilament line and zipped
through the air to the hotel, silent as a preying cat.

Once I was on the roof of the hotel, I quickly slid over the side of the
building and behind the [enormous *DOOM III*
banner](img//articles/august02/quakecon2002/preview/2.jpg). Flattening
myself against the wall and finding nooks and crannies within the
brickwork like a tiny black spider, I shimmied behind the sign to a
second floor hotel room. I made short work of the glass with a glass
cutter, and short work of the gamers inside with what I like to call my
"sleepyjuice." I was inside the target building: The scoop was almost
upon me.

It is fortunate that the "bring your own computer" area was so noisy --
the sounds of muffled computerized gunfire covered my tracks as I put an
unfortunate hotel service employee into a sleeper hold. After picking
the locks to the maintenance room I was able to slide into the elevator
shaft and onto the top of one of the cars. Below me a group of gamers
walked in and talked about how excited they were to hear John Carmack's
speech, coming up in just half an hour. They were unaware that I
crouched atop the elevator, just a couple of feet from their heads, a
silent malicious shadow intent on infiltrating their most prized of
convention displays.

They went to the convention floor and as silent as a whisper I slid into
one of the service ducts and crawled along on my belly. To infiltrate
the Doom booth was my most daring of challenges; I had to slip out of a
grate on the floor and stalk like a cat over the twisted LAN cables that
snaked under a nearby table, squirming to not allow anyone's feet to
touch me and give away my position. Air was pumped into the Doom III
booth through flexible tubing maybe at most a foot and a half in
diameter -- when I got there and disconnected the fan, I had to
dislocate my shoulders in order to squeeze inside. Like a snake.

About a dozen people were inside the DOOM booth watching the
demonstration when I popped through the vent and threw the gas grenade.
Their screams of terror were muffled by the sounds of the running demo
and the people standing outside merely assumed that the show was *that*
good. Working quickly, I popped open the CD-Rom drive and withdrew my
prize: *A PLAYABLE DOOM III ALPHA.* While other sites begged for
screenshots, *my* site would be able to take our own! I stepped gingerly
over the bodies and slid out of the booth the same way I came in.

That's when things started to go bad.

I was working my way out through the maintenance ducts hoping to come
out in the kitchen and slip away undetected within the confines of a
catering truck. But the only grate I could find leading to the kitchen
was blocked by a slurpee machine. I found a darkened room instead,
quietly slid a grate aside, and slipped out into the darkness. I was
behind a set of curtains. Creeping silently, I was suddenly startled to
find that there was a tall man back there with me, wearing jeans and
tennis shoes -- I of course clubbed him unconscious without a second
thought. His body crumpled silently to the floor. I tiptoed on,
flattening myself near some sort of wooden pillar.

Suddenly, a deep voice amplified by a PA system announced, "Ladies and
gentlemen ... JOHN CARMACK, creator of Quake and Doom!" A series of
bright spotlights clicked on and shone directly on me, giving away my
position. I realized I was standing before a podium in front of an
auditorium full of gamers. They applauded, then the applause died and
was replaced by gasps of shock and horror.

"That's not John Carmack..."

"That's a *ninja!*"

A chubby kid leapt to his feet near the back of the theatre. "JOHN
CARMACK'S A NINJA! I *KNEW* IT!" he screamed.

Another gamer in the front row was more skeptical. "That's *not*
Carmack," he proclaimed.

"ERmm," I said, beeping uncomfortably.

"Oh no nevermind, that's him," the gamer in the front row admitted,
sitting back down.

"Show us the Doom! Show us the Doom!" people began to chant. I pulled
the CD from my Ninja garb to the sound of tumultuous applause, then
slipped it into a small computer setup near the podium and sat down.
Behind me a video wall lit up and showed the machine booting. I started
up the game.

"This is ... uhm ... Doom III," I said, stammering. "It's ... 3D. With
... walls ... and pixels. Let me start up a game and ... ooohhhh yeah
HOW COOL IS THAT!?" I cried. Everyone applauded; they were eating it up.

"I supposed you're wondering how this technology works," I continued,
stalking through dimly lit corridors humming with menace. "Well, uh, so
do I. No, uh, seriously, it uses ... polygons. And then they're lit,
like uh -- WHOA do you guys see how that swinging strobe light is
casting shadows through that chain link fence!? This is SO BADASS!"

Applause.

"Now, the other thing we wanted to do with this game is, uh ... AIIEE!"
I screamed as an Imp jumped out at me. "Monsters! MONSTERS! DIE YOU
SKANKY BITCH!" In the game, my shotgun blasted furiously around the
room, pellets sparking off of metal surfaces, blood spurting out from
the twisted flesh of my assailant. At last, the creature was dead. "Oh
YEAAH! Did you guys SEE that? This game is gonna TOTALLY OWN! Yeeeah!
I'm John Carmack! I'm John Carmack! Wooo!"

Then I did a stage dive into the crowd, who carried me around on their
adoring shoulders. I don't really remember much after that. I remember
line dancing and a steak dinner. I was doing jell-o shots off of some
chick's tummy at one point. It's all kinda fuzzy.

But when I finally got back to my secret PR355 N1NJ4 base, I realized
that I had left the *Doom III* CD in the drive back at the hotel.
