---
blurb: >
  You know, once you touch a man's Zelda, you've reached a level of intimacy that
  you can't really turn your back on.
color: true
date: '2003-02-09'
history:
- date: '2003-02-27 18:55:01'
  votes:
  - 92
  - 17
  - 30
  - 32
  - 46
  - 79
  - 198
  - 339
  - 451
  - 1283
- date: '2003-02-27 19:07:31'
  votes:
  - 92
  - 17
  - 30
  - 32
  - 46
  - 79
  - 198
  - 339
  - 451
  - 1283
- date: '2003-06-25 21:30:44'
  votes:
  - 95
  - 18
  - 31
  - 34
  - 48
  - 87
  - 202
  - 356
  - 476
  - 1340
- date: '2003-06-25 21:36:28'
  votes:
  - 95
  - 18
  - 31
  - 34
  - 48
  - 87
  - 202
  - 356
  - 476
  - 1340
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 96
  - 18
  - 34
  - 35
  - 50
  - 92
  - 208
  - 364
  - 486
  - 1397
id: 557
permalink: /557/thats-it-im-through-ive-decided-to-stop-dating-gamers/
score: 8.53
title: That’s it, I’m through. I’ve decided to stop dating gamers.
vicpic: victimpics/feb03/colornogamersbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/feb03/colornogamers.png
votes: 2799
---

I used to love the gamer lifestyle. You couldn’t find an easier-going
group of people. The harshest arguments they ever got into were about
which *Street Fighter* arcade version was the best, and they were
usually solved by doing a few shots and going to the arcade. And there
were no mind-games when you dated gamers; they pretty much set it all
out on the table yell “w00!” a lot. Plus I never had to bother upgrading
my computer -- somebody always did it for me.

But that’s all changed! Ever since [I got burned by that creep
Crenshaw](%ARTICLE[553]%), I can’t imagine dating another gamer. I
resolved that my next long-term relationship would be with... I dunno.
An actor. A professional card shark. Maybe a jockey. Or a veterinarian.

Perhaps a boy band.

It was hard to start dating again. First of all, all my usual hangouts
were right out. I couldn’t chill with [the guys at the
Cybercafe.](%ARTICLE[552]%) Forget the comic book shop or the gaming
store. I had to try an all-new line of thinking.

So I went to this dive bar just off of Chestnut street. The kind of
place where the smoke makes your eyes water and the music makes your
ears bleed. Stapled to the rafters were old license plates and a bright
yellow roadsign that appeared to say “Cariboo Crossing.” In one smoky
corner some dude was hammering away at the sides of an *Elvira* pinball
game. Nearby sat a bank of four *Daytona* driving games, occupying four
drunk screaming guys. A fifth guy was leaning against a *Golden Tee*
Golf machine, heckling the losing driver. I decided to steer as far from
that group as possible. Sitting at table, apparently waiting for some
friends, one sharp-looking guy sat alone hurling peanut shells
everywhere. Time for the acid test! I sharply pointed a thumb over my
shoulder, referring to the crowd at the arcade. “Morons, hunh?” I asked.

He hesitated for a moment, blinking the smoke from his eyes, looking me
up and down. “Uh, yah,” he said. “Morons!” He was in!

Long story short, we hit it off. Even after I discovered that it was
*his* friends at the *Daytona* machines, we still got along. He assured
me that he wasn’t a gamer. We dated for weeks. I had to really rack my
brains to come up with “non-gamer” dates. We ended up going to movies or
eating at nice restaurants that *weren’t* Chuck E. Cheese. I won’t kid
you -- it was tough. I kept wondering if *The Getaway* for the PS2 was
any good. And my computer had gone for -- whoa -- nearly *two months*
without an upgrade. That was just ... weird. I kept itching to play some
games, but no! I was past that.

Finally one evening my new boyfriend invited me back to his place for
coffee. Clearly he’d cleaned the place up for me -- I could see fresh
vacuum marks on the rug. I poked around the apartment while he made
banging noises in the kitchen.

Ah, a drawer beside his entertainment center. It was time for some
old-fashioned boyfriend-snooping tactics, essential in any long-term
relationships. I glanced over my shoulder and quietly slid the drawer
open.

What did I find? Piles of adult magazines! And ... Videos! And
underneath that ... it looked like some sort of leather harness. Some
cans of whipped cream. A jelly mould in the shape of Christina Aguilera.

Pretty standard stuff, like any other guy I know.

But I was determined to snoop, so I dug deeper into the drawer. And what
did I find? That’s right. A PS2, a modded Gamecube, controllers and
nearly a hundred games. That sneaky two-timing ...

He walked into the room with two steaming mugs of coffee. “How do you
explain THIS!?” I asked, pulling out a random pile of games. He froze in
his tracks.

“Honestly baby, I -- I don’t get off on that kind of stuff! Uh ... my
friends gave it to me! Uh ... we uh, just bring those out to make fun of
them at parties!”

It was no good, I’d found out his dirty secret. I stared at the pile of
games. “You rotten lying ... hey whoa. Is that the new *Zelda* game?”

“It’s an import,” he confessed.

“Can I play it before we break up?”

“Sure.”

We’ve set the wedding date for next August.