---
blurb: >
  Tingle, come home!
color: true
date: '2003-04-20'
history:
- date: '2003-06-27 21:49:57'
  votes:
  - 81
  - 5
  - 13
  - 11
  - 34
  - 50
  - 92
  - 187
  - 295
  - 932
- date: '2003-10-10 16:51:15'
  votes:
  - 83
  - 5
  - 13
  - 11
  - 34
  - 50
  - 94
  - 190
  - 299
  - 948
- date: '2003-10-10 16:52:03'
  votes:
  - 83
  - 5
  - 13
  - 11
  - 34
  - 50
  - 94
  - 190
  - 299
  - 948
- date: '2003-12-26 09:13:04'
  votes:
  - 83
  - 5
  - 13
  - 12
  - 34
  - 50
  - 94
  - 191
  - 300
  - 953
- date: '2004-02-07 16:25:16'
  votes:
  - 83
  - 5
  - 14
  - 12
  - 34
  - 50
  - 94
  - 191
  - 301
  - 963
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 83
  - 5
  - 14
  - 12
  - 35
  - 50
  - 95
  - 191
  - 301
  - 972
id: 585
permalink: /585/what-follows-is-a-true-account-of-the-greatest-tingle-that-ever-lived/
score: 8.61
title: What follows is a true account of the greatest Tingle that ever lived
vicpic: victimpics/apr03/color_tinglebig.jpg
vicpic_small: victimpics/apr03/color_tingle.jpg
votes: 1775
---

I don’t think we ever fully appreciated [my friend
Steve](%ARTICLE[580]%), who wanted little more from life than to
play as Tingle with the Game Boy Advance while I played my way through
*Zelda*. The confetti, the gibberish he’d scream, the time he jumped up
on my head during a boss fight – sure, it was annoying at the time. But
I never doubted his loyalty.

So after our [falling out](%ARTICLE[581]%), when he started to [go
crazy](%ARTICLE[582]%) until [the cops were after
him](%ARTICLE[583]%), I felt a twinge of responsibility. He may have
been a terrible Tingle, but he was *my* Tingle.

That’s why this weekend I found myself, covered in brambles from the
nearby forest, [crawling into a Pottery Barn store hollering out his
name.](%ARTICLE[584]%) We must’ve smashed every pot there, but no
Tingle. All we found was a guy [slinking through the shadows with a tie
on his head](%ARTICLE[331]%). He froze solid as my flashlight beam
fell on him. “Can you see... I’m *busy?*” he hissed. Then he hid under a
cardboard box until I lost interest.

Convinced that Tingle was nowhere near the building despite all the
pots, we made our way toward the front door. In horror, we dropped down
to the ground; through the front windows we saw a dizzying array of
flashing police lights as two or three cruisers squealed up to the
building. Doors opened; flashlights pierced the darkness. Radios
whistled and hissed. The place had more cops than the last ten minutes
of the *Blues Brothers* movie.

“The back door! The back door!” I whispered, urgently. We ran in a
crouched position, Rainbow Six style, between row after row of broken
shelves. Silently we crept through the kiln room, but no sooner did we
spot the exit than it was kicked open by [a skinny rent-a-cop with a
mustache.](%ARTICLE[583]%)

“Yinz all best be freezin’, because we would have this whole place
whatcha call ‘surrounded,’” he said. He bent his back and rested a hand
menacingly on his walkie-talkie. “Don’t make me use this,” he uttered.

Then his flashlight beam fell right on us. “Ah-HAH!” he bellowed. We
were *doomed*.

But from out of the shadows – a green blur. “LOOOOMM-PAH!” a squeaky
voice cried out. The cop’s flashlight whirled around to see, amidst a
hail of confetti, a man in a Tingle suit swinging from a makeshift
grappling hook wielding a big black sparkling bomb. The cop screamed –
precisely the way a little girl would scream – and dropped his
flashlight. That’s when we made a break for it – me and my friends at
least, pushing past him out the back door. Tingle stayed behind, long
enough to drop to the floor, put the bomb down, and fasten the grapple
to the belt loop of the cop. As the man in blue fumbled for his
walkie-talkie, Tingle heaved the rope, and sent him up to the ceiling
where he tied him off to let him dangle.

The police from the front of the store burst into the kiln room and
trained their flashlights on Tingle (all except for the stray beam or
two that illuminated the rent-a-cop attached to the ceiling.) “Don’t
make a move!” they demanded. But Tingle threw a handful of confetti in
the air and yelled “Faa-LLOOPP!” At that precise instant his ‘bomb’
exploded, spewing a thick cloud of gray smoke into the room. And then
Tingle was GONE.

It’s okay man – we forgive you, Tingle. I take back everything I said.
You’re *the best Tingle on the planet*. I mean that.

I keep trying to get a hold of Steve – I mean, Tingle – with my Game Boy
Advance, but he never answers. It’s hard to get through *Zelda* without
him. Tingle, you’re welcome back anytime. Anytime, man.