---
blurb: >
  We'll see if you're still smirking after I call in THE [PR355 N1NJ4](%ARTICLE[145]%)!
color: false
date: '2003-06-11'
history:
- date: '2003-08-02 22:56:03'
  votes:
  - 139
  - 23
  - 37
  - 41
  - 82
  - 112
  - 188
  - 387
  - 444
  - 1156
- date: '2003-10-06 14:26:32'
  votes:
  - 141
  - 25
  - 37
  - 41
  - 83
  - 114
  - 191
  - 394
  - 452
  - 1174
- date: '2003-10-06 17:54:16'
  votes:
  - 141
  - 25
  - 37
  - 41
  - 83
  - 114
  - 191
  - 394
  - 452
  - 1174
- date: '2003-12-18 09:11:35'
  votes:
  - 141
  - 25
  - 37
  - 42
  - 83
  - 114
  - 191
  - 397
  - 454
  - 1180
- date: '2003-12-18 09:13:17'
  votes:
  - 141
  - 25
  - 37
  - 42
  - 83
  - 114
  - 191
  - 397
  - 454
  - 1180
- date: '2004-02-07 05:24:01'
  votes:
  - 141
  - 25
  - 37
  - 42
  - 83
  - 114
  - 192
  - 397
  - 455
  - 1185
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 141
  - 25
  - 37
  - 42
  - 83
  - 115
  - 192
  - 399
  - 457
  - 1190
id: 608
permalink: /608/this-star-wars-galaxies-beta-nda-is-going-to-tear-our-friendship-apart/
score: 8.2
title: This Star Wars Galaxies beta NDA is going to tear our friendship apart.
vicpic: victimpics/jun03/betandabig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/jun03/betanda.gif
votes: 2697
---

Okay Kevin, hear me out. One of us is wearing Darth Maul boxer shorts:
me. One of us has a bare-midriff poster of Natalie Portman from the
arena scene in his locker: me. One of us eats his dinner from a plastic
Jango Fett collectable plate: ME! And yet, despite this, only one of us
is in the *Star Wars Galaxies* closed beta test: You.

Wait! Wait! Stop! Don't try to deny it! I saw the envelope and the
welcome letter sitting out in your room. Well, they were under some
other papers. In your desk. Once I picked the lock. BUT I SAW THEM! And
then you sheepishly said something like, "Those may LOOK like the
*Galaxies* closed beta CDs, but because I'm under a strict
Non-Disclosure Agreement, I can assure you that they are NOT." And then
you slammed the drawer on my fingers.

So let's cut to the chase. You've been in the beta for how long? Two
weeks? More? And you can't even tell me if the Jawas look cool? C'mon
man. I JUST WANT TO KNOW ABOUT THE JAWAS. And ... the Wookies. And all
of the skills. And how the Jedi thing works. But THAT'S IT. I'll sign an
NDA. I love not disclosing things. In fact, I'm not disclosing things
RIGHT NOW, such as the fact that I also own Jar Jar underwear. Wait!
That doesn't count, that was just an example.

C'mon, man! We've been buds since 6th grade. You're not gonna let a
little NDA stop us! Don't tell me "What happens on Tatooine stays on
Tatooine." I'm not buying it!

You know, I read on the messageboards that most of the beta testers get
a free pass to give to their friends to ALSO get into the beta. Being
that you're under NDA, I'm sure you wouldn't have anything to say about
that. But, you don't HAVE to say anything; just slip me the CDs under
the lunch table here, and I'll keep everything on the "down low," you
know what I mean? What?

Say that again? Your girlfriend? GIRLFRIEND!? You gave your extra
account to your girlfriend instead of me? Who's picture is on HER
underwear!? You bet your ass it's not Boba! Damn you! This has gone from
troubled friendship to JUSTIFYABLE HOMICIDE!!
