---
blurb: >
  \[The lawyer gently opens a humidor and withdraws a hand-rolled Cuban cigar.\]


  Dr\_Smaxalot. \[He bites off the end of the cigar and spits it out.\] My meal ticket...
color: false
date: '2003-10-21'
history:
- date: '2003-12-21 01:54:32'
  votes:
  - 123
  - 29
  - 29
  - 33
  - 52
  - 106
  - 181
  - 307
  - 381
  - 1007
- date: '2004-03-12 14:12:39'
  votes:
  - 125
  - 29
  - 29
  - 33
  - 54
  - 107
  - 187
  - 310
  - 385
  - 1019
- date: '2004-03-12 14:13:15'
  votes:
  - 125
  - 29
  - 29
  - 33
  - 54
  - 107
  - 187
  - 310
  - 385
  - 1019
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 125
  - 29
  - 29
  - 34
  - 54
  - 107
  - 187
  - 312
  - 387
  - 1023
id: 666
permalink: /666/mr-pembletons-last-will-and-testament-clearly-establishes-this-trust-fund-for-his-favorite-mmog-character/
score: 8.18
title: Mr. Pembleton's last will and testament clearly establishes this trust fund
  for his favorite MMOG character.
vicpic: victimpics/oct03/snowbirdbig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/oct03/snowbird.gif
votes: 2303
---

That's right gentlemen, so I don't want to hear any further complaints.
This firm is obliged to enact Mr. Pembleton's final wishes *to the
letter*. Carlsberg, freshen up my scotch, will you? Mother of crap, it's
like a sauna in here.

Now, section C of the will here establishes a hundred thousand dollar
trust fund in the name of "Dr\_Smaxalot," a 26th level Bard/Thief in a
popular massively multiplayer roleplaying game. Now, according to State
laws Dr\_Smaxalot is not a legal entity and is therefore not legally
entitled to the 100-Gs. However, at Mr. Pembleton's request before his
untimely death (note to self: never embezzle from the Korean Mafia), we
did a little poking around and discovered that the server farm hosting
this computer game was located in Austin, Texas. There's some
progressive legislation there that allows money to be set aside for
"digital enterprises," of which we consider Dr\_Smaxalot.

Now then, to the meat of it. A portion of the $100 grand will go toward
reoccurring $12.95 monthly service fees for the duration of the online
game. Mr. Pembleton ALSO stated that he wanted Dr\_Smaxalot to "remain
happy in his waning years," which he specifically defined as owning and
maintaining a small villa in the game and being played with three times
a week. Dr\_Smaxalot is not permitted to be killed in the game, yet he
must visit unusual places in the game world at least twice a week.
Dr\_Smaxalot must always remain part of a guild, and we are
contractually obligated to ensure that Dr\_Smaxalot levels up at least
once a month until he reaches level 40, at which point he is expected to
level up once every two months. Finally, the Will specifies that
Dr\_Smaxalot will have a live-in cleric for his spiritual health and a
retinue of no less than five (5) bodyguards of level 12 or higher.

Mother of Deeznuts, I'm sticking to this leather chair. DAMN. \[The
lawyer coughs a wet, hacking cough.\] Okay, so, now, to the execution of
Mr. Pembleton's last wishes.

Praxton, you lease out some office space. We need one room, broadband,
get a good deal on a used PC. No more than $400 bucks a month, tops.
Carlsberg, take out an ad in the paper. We're looking for a 14 year old,
gamer, maybe two, we'll pay 'em a couple hundred bucks a month to take
Dr\_Smaxalot out adventuring. Luntley, I want you canvassing the
messageboards for clerics for hire. Get a good one. And some fighters.
NO KOREANS. If we invest the rest of the cash-money and factor in
interest, we've got several years of quality gaming here. Okay, let's do
it!

Well, what are you clowns waiting for? Let's get moving. If you pissants
let October elapse without levelling up Smaxalot *we don't get paid,*
capice? Now geddaoudahere, go find me those 14 year olds.