---
blurb: >
  Hmm, this art portfolio is interesting. It looks like someone photocopied her face.
  And here's a photocopy of her arm. And her -- what is that? And here's a ... WHOA.
  I'll be keeping these.
color: false
date: '2004-02-04'
history:
- date: '2004-02-22 04:55:33'
  votes:
  - 219
  - 26
  - 52
  - 51
  - 83
  - 135
  - 218
  - 295
  - 260
  - 705
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 243
  - 29
  - 55
  - 55
  - 91
  - 153
  - 236
  - 321
  - 280
  - 765
id: 694
permalink: /694/the-search-for-a-new-artist-rages-on/
score: 7.28
title: The Search for a New Artist Rages On
vicpic: victimpics/feb04/clipboardbig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/feb04/clipboard.gif
votes: 2261
---

Greetings, homeschooled.

It was over two years ago that I [personally led the campaign to find a
new Daily Victim artist](%ARTICLE[298]%), chosen from among the
other victims because I alone carry a clipboard. In previous years,
Fargo (the author of this feature) had once [abandoned the entire search
to me](%ARTICLE[301]%) while he went off to "get married." I had at
first assumed he was lying, except he brought back a "wife" some weeks
later and moved in with her. I haven't completely ruled out that it is
but a calculated ruse, but I'm close.

I had hoped that Fargo wouldn't again abandon me for weeks to weep
bitterly over a pile of resumes that mostly resemble the scribbled
sidebar of a protractor-stabbed 9th grade geometry book. (In fact,
someone HAD submitted a 9th grade geometry book along with a list of
page numbers of his favorite doodles.) However, I'm forced to relate to
you the following grim incident:

This morning he came into my office -- which mostly consists of a board
wedged into the office supply closet -- rolling a suitcase along behind
him. "Good God you're not abandoning me for a couple of weeks to get
married again, are you!?" I blurted.

"Nonsense!" Fargo exclaimed, shoving several of the more expensive
office supplies into his bag. "I'm getting divorced."

"I'm sorry to hear that," I replied, hiding my stapler. "How is your
wife taking it?"

"She doesn't know, and she's not going to find out!" Fargo roared. "It's
my second wife that I'm divorcing, the one she doesn't know about." He
sat down on his suitcase. "You know how they say, 'What goes on in Vegas
stays in Vegas?' LIES! The next thing you know there's a Haitian woman
following you to work every day saying, 'I not need green card now yes?
No?' Then she wants to get a puppy. Or some fish. Forget it. Anyways, I
won't be gone more than a couple of days, and you've go to write this
feature while I find a lawyer. Or a hitman. I plan on doing a
price-compare."

"But, but ... the artist search!" I yammered, pointing to a pile of
disorganized papers. "Who will DRAW the Daily Victim!?"

"What about this guy?" Fargo asked, holding up someone's sample work.

"That man drew an outline around his hand," I explained, patiently. "And
then decorated it with crayons to look like a turkey."

"Wow, is THAT how he did that? He wasn't looking at a real turkey ...
not even on TV?"

I lost my cool. "Haven't you ever seen a turkey hand drawing before!?" I
thundered, rising to my feet. My stapler clattered to the ground.

"Well excuuuse me," Fargo grimaced, standing as well. "Pardon me for not
having traveled the world's finest art museums like yourself. Anyways,
lemme know who you find. I'm outtie."

And with that, he left.

As I sat down, I noticed that he'd taken my stapler with him.

\[It's your last chance to [submit your work](mailto:fargo@gamespy.com)
for consideration as the next Daily Victim artist. Serious submissions
only, please! Good luck!\]