---
blurb: >2+

color: false
date: '2004-05-05'
history: []
id: 697
permalink: /697/the-daily-victim-redesign-is-cruising-smoothly--like-a-missile/
score: 0.0
title: The Daily Victim Redesign Is Cruising Smoothly ... like a Missile.
vicpic: victimpics/feb04/clipboardbig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/feb04/clipboard.gif
votes: 0
---

"Outsourcing," Fargo told me. "Outsourcing is the key." He pointed to
some wall diagrams showing the navigation of a website easily hundreds
of pages deep, with enough back-end software to run Amazon.com. "It may
*look* like an ambitious eight-month development schedule, but I'm
aiming to trim it down to six."

Since [returning from Vegas](%ARTICLE[694]%), Fargo had been a
non-stop flurry of activity getting the Daily Victim site ready for a
relaunch. Most of said activities, to my mind, were pointless. "Isn't
this just a daily comedy site?" I asked, timidly. "And [you already have
a new artist](%ARTICLE[696]%)..."

Fargo sniffed a marker deeply before answering. "This is not merely a
daily gaming comedy site. It's the voice of a generation. OUR
generation! Yours and mine. And their cousins. The new Daily Victim
website will be a masterpiece of electronical engineering and datalistic
manipulation." He rose to his feet to pound on the desk. "To speed
development of this comedy monstrousity, I've followed the latest trends
and outsourced the engineering tasks to ..." -- he paused to look it up
-- "'Surinam.' Wherever that is. Frankly I don't speak the language of
Surinam, presumably Surinamian, but they had the best rates. The weekly
conference calls we have are understandably confusing, but by shouting
loudly I think I've bridged the communication gap and judging by how
much they've withdrawn from my credit cards, *we are ahead of
schedule!*"

"This feature's been dormant for months," I reminded him. "Can't you
just whip something up while you redesign the page?"

"NEVER!" he bellowed, pausing to actually suck on the opened marker as
you would a cigar. "I didn't want to spoil the surprise, but you've
pushed me to it. Allow me to unveil the awesome might that is the new
Daily Victim Design."

Fargo unfurled a massive blueprint.

"I call it the 'Daily Victim DS,' or 'Dual-Screen,'" he explained. "See,
there's only so much comedy you can fit on a single page. Opening up a
second screen is a whole new direction in gaming humor. It's huge. See
here, on the main screen, we'll have incredible art, humorous writing,
users rankings, and everything readers love."

"What will the second screen be used for?" I asked.

Fargo paused and leaned closer, choosing his words carefully before
answering in quiet, measured tones. "It will be filled entirely with
paid advertisements."

After a pause he added: "Blinking ones."