---
blurb: >
  Good Thomas! That's a good, good Thomas. Fetch the screwdriver, yes ... yes, good
  boy! GOOD BOY!
color: false
date: '2001-02-02'
history:
- date: '2002-11-06 03:55:03'
  votes:
  - 91
  - 21
  - 31
  - 33
  - 56
  - 73
  - 104
  - 179
  - 181
  - 411
- date: '2002-11-06 03:58:35'
  votes:
  - 91
  - 21
  - 31
  - 33
  - 56
  - 73
  - 104
  - 179
  - 181
  - 411
- date: '2003-04-06 22:15:53'
  votes:
  - 91
  - 21
  - 32
  - 34
  - 58
  - 74
  - 105
  - 184
  - 185
  - 419
- date: '2003-10-07 22:18:02'
  votes:
  - 92
  - 21
  - 33
  - 34
  - 58
  - 75
  - 108
  - 188
  - 188
  - 434
- date: '2003-12-11 21:48:41'
  votes:
  - 92
  - 21
  - 33
  - 34
  - 58
  - 76
  - 108
  - 191
  - 188
  - 440
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 93
  - 21
  - 33
  - 34
  - 60
  - 76
  - 110
  - 193
  - 188
  - 455
id: 112
permalink: /112/youll-have-to-pardon-thomas-this-morning-he-had-to-dismantle-and-reassemble-his-pc-and-all-he-had-was-a-butter-knife/
score: 7.53
title: You'll Have to Pardon Thomas. This Morning He Had to Dismantle and Reassemble
  His PC, and All He Had Was a Butter Knife.
vicpic: victimpics/butterknifebig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/butterknife.png
votes: 1285
---

No no, he's been like this before. Just give him some space. Uh oh, hang
on a second ... "That's okay. Yes — yes Thomas! It's okay! Stay in the
corner, attaboy..."

Right, see, he built his own PC, you know, to save money. We don't
really have a lot, Thomas and I. And, frankly, the problem is he opted
to get some extra RAM instead of a toolbox, which isn't what *I* woulda
done, but there's no getting through to Thomas — he had to have his
RAM, even if it meant sacrificing a screwdriver. So we get the parts,
piece by piece, delivered to us over the course of a couple weeks. And
the whole time, Thomas is screwing them, one by one, into the case ...
but all he has is a butter knife.

Well anyways, it's all good, you know, because he has time to recuperate
between each part shipment. But finally, yesterday, it was all put
together and we turn it on and nothing happens. Nothing. The fan hummed,
but the screen stayed black. So, clearly, there was some tweaking that
needed to be done.

This morning he began taking it apart with the butter knife. The whole
PC. You know, I headed off to my job at the bookstore ... when I came
home from lunch, it was barely half-disassembled, and he was already
gnawing on some sort of bone or something. I don't know where he got it.
Looked like from some animal. But, when I tried to take the bent-up
butter knife from his steely grey hands, he just growled at me. "You
okay, Tommy-boy?" I said. "I got it, I'm fine, leave me alone," he
answered. So off I went.

Well, I got back after work and I saw that half of the PC was put back
together, and Thomas is nowhere to be found. I went around the
neighborhood calling for him and found him over in the playground,
glaring at the little merry-go-round ride, still clutching in his
quivering hand what's left of the bent-up battered-up nicked and notched
butter knife. "Thomas! Come!" I said, but he started scurrying off. I
finally managed to get him cornered, then into a net, and finally back
home — pretty much in the state he's in now.

I was thinking, you know, maybe the first step to recovery is to hand
him a screwdriver before I go to work tomorrow. I've had it for a couple
weeks and I was saving it for his birthday, but you know, sometimes you
gotta show a little heart, am I right?

\[Victim idea [submitted](mailto:feedback@gamespy.com) by GameSpy reader
Reed Zirjacks\]