---
blurb: >
  By the way, would it be too much trouble to requistion a new mouse? The last one
  was apparently engulfed in the flames.
color: true
date: '2001-02-03'
history:
- date: '2002-12-28 13:42:28'
  votes:
  - 55
  - 12
  - 15
  - 33
  - 30
  - 35
  - 103
  - 151
  - 187
  - 641
- date: '2002-12-28 13:46:00'
  votes:
  - 55
  - 12
  - 15
  - 33
  - 30
  - 35
  - 103
  - 151
  - 187
  - 641
- date: '2003-02-18 21:19:36'
  votes:
  - 55
  - 12
  - 15
  - 33
  - 30
  - 36
  - 104
  - 152
  - 187
  - 647
- date: '2003-02-18 23:17:49'
  votes:
  - 55
  - 12
  - 15
  - 33
  - 30
  - 36
  - 104
  - 152
  - 187
  - 647
- date: '2003-04-07 00:07:18'
  votes:
  - 55
  - 12
  - 15
  - 33
  - 31
  - 36
  - 105
  - 154
  - 191
  - 653
- date: '2003-04-07 00:14:32'
  votes:
  - 55
  - 12
  - 15
  - 33
  - 31
  - 36
  - 105
  - 154
  - 191
  - 653
- date: '2003-06-27 23:39:45'
  votes:
  - 55
  - 12
  - 15
  - 33
  - 31
  - 36
  - 106
  - 155
  - 192
  - 662
- date: '2003-08-03 12:37:05'
  votes:
  - 55
  - 12
  - 15
  - 33
  - 31
  - 36
  - 106
  - 155
  - 194
  - 669
- date: '2003-10-04 22:01:34'
  votes:
  - 56
  - 12
  - 15
  - 33
  - 32
  - 36
  - 107
  - 156
  - 194
  - 677
- date: '2003-10-04 22:07:57'
  votes:
  - 56
  - 12
  - 15
  - 33
  - 32
  - 36
  - 107
  - 156
  - 194
  - 677
- date: '2003-12-11 08:01:21'
  votes:
  - 56
  - 12
  - 15
  - 34
  - 32
  - 36
  - 107
  - 158
  - 196
  - 682
- date: '2004-02-07 21:46:31'
  votes:
  - 56
  - 12
  - 15
  - 34
  - 32
  - 36
  - 107
  - 158
  - 198
  - 685
- date: '2004-02-07 21:48:10'
  votes:
  - 56
  - 12
  - 15
  - 34
  - 32
  - 36
  - 107
  - 158
  - 198
  - 685
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 56
  - 12
  - 15
  - 34
  - 32
  - 36
  - 108
  - 160
  - 198
  - 702
id: 113
permalink: /113/theres-a-perfectly-legitimate-business-reason-i-stormed-into-the-quarterly-fiscal-review-halfnaked-and-reeking-of-alcohol/
score: 8.34
title: There's a Perfectly Legitimate Business Reason I Stormed into the Quarterly
  Fiscal Review Half-naked and Reeking of Alcohol
vicpic: victimpics/colornopantsbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/colornopants.png
votes: 1376
---

Mr. Bartleby, Mr. Bartleby, please put down the phone! And ... the golf
putter. Hold on, hold on, I can explain! I understand you were upset
with me after that [terrible game of Worms
Armageddon](@/victim/104.md) left me without pants in front of the
Board of Directors. It was an embarrassing time for us all, especially
Stinky, my favorite worm, the one who was demolished by the baseball
bat.

And, I can understand your frustration in the fact that barely a week
later I barged into the most important financial meeting of the quarter
half-naked and drenched with liquir, although I have a perfectly valid
reason for it.

If you could only understand how badly my week has gone! Monday as you
know you demoted me and made me move to the little corner cubicle in the
lower floor, the one where the sun shines on my monitor all day and the
fluorescent lights blink intermittently all night.

Not a single employee has survived the dreaded "pit" for more than a
week. (Like Tim, who [evidently disappeared into his office
chair](@/victim/105.md).) The detritus of over six recent victims of
unexpected medical leave were littered about the place when I tried to
move in. There was a brownish syrupy substance on the desk and some sort
of green putty — I theorize either Play-Doh or wasabi — caked onto the
earpiece of the phone. I also found a sock.

My only hope was to clean and disinfect the place, both physically and
spiritually. I played smooth jazz. I burned incense. I also got a whole
half-gallon of that industrial strength cleaning detergent and I
scrubbed the desk down with sandpaper. And *that,* Mr. Bartleby, was the
root of the problem!

I use one of those [3M Precision Mousing
Surfaces](https://web.archive.org/web/20010203000000/http://blackmarket.gamespy.com/blackmarket/product.asp?pfid=10501)
for my mousepad, and it's important that that sucker be firmly rooted
onto a desk. Because if it slides around it'll mess up my aim the next
time I play Worms Armageddon against Johnstone, who recently wagered me
his entire cubicle. Well, after I had cleaned and sanded my desk, it was
completely friction-less. I stood on top of it to hang up my Enya poster
and was sent flying into my potted plant!

So I borrowed a can of that Spray Fixadent from Carlisle, you know, that
spray-sticky-stuff. I sprayed it all over my mousepad and desk. I guess
I got a little carried away. It got everywhere. I sat down at my desk
and slid my chair forward, then realized that my hand was *stuck* to my
mouse. Permanently! My mousepad was stuck to my shirt sleeve. Then, when
I tried to back away from my desk and call for help, I discovered that
I'd sprayed all over my pants — they were stuck to the underside of the
desk, and with a loud tearing noise like the crackle of thunder they
were ripped off of my very legs!

The only way to escape my office chair was to unbuckle my belt, take off
my shoes, and crawl frantically away. I accidentally stuck my hand in
the potted plant and it was covered with dirt. Trailing a long trail of
debris as well as my mouse and cord, I made my way frantically to the
kitchen to undo the horror that was the spray fixadent.

I scrubbed myself with a mixture of Comet, dish soap, and vodka. Well,
the Vodka was Johnstone's idea. Except, when I put the bottle in my
hand, it was stuck there. So the only way to cover my hand with vodka
was to shake the bottle vigorously until vodka was everywhere. There was
a trail of it all over the kitchen.

Suddenly, to my horror, the vodka on the counter all over the hot coffee
machine burst into flames. A trail of fire screamed across the floor
toward me! I had to run, Mr. Bartleby! I HAD TO FLEE FOR MY VERY LIFE!

Sorry about the meeting.