---
blurb: >
  \[A brilliant flash of white light and the horrifying crash of thunder accompany
  the Unix server administrator's departure into the mist\]
color: true
date: '2001-02-10'
history:
- date: '2002-10-21 01:57:48'
  votes:
  - 142
  - 18
  - 23
  - 30
  - 50
  - 52
  - 136
  - 254
  - 498
  - 3174
- date: '2002-12-22 04:26:05'
  votes:
  - 144
  - 19
  - 23
  - 31
  - 51
  - 53
  - 143
  - 266
  - 510
  - 3287
- date: '2002-12-22 04:28:12'
  votes:
  - 144
  - 19
  - 23
  - 31
  - 51
  - 53
  - 143
  - 266
  - 510
  - 3287
- date: '2003-02-04 21:25:39'
  votes:
  - 150
  - 19
  - 26
  - 34
  - 53
  - 56
  - 148
  - 276
  - 522
  - 3392
- date: '2003-02-04 21:26:48'
  votes:
  - 150
  - 19
  - 26
  - 34
  - 53
  - 56
  - 148
  - 276
  - 522
  - 3392
- date: '2003-04-06 12:53:07'
  votes:
  - 151
  - 20
  - 26
  - 34
  - 54
  - 56
  - 151
  - 281
  - 532
  - 3439
- date: '2003-04-06 12:57:44'
  votes:
  - 151
  - 20
  - 26
  - 34
  - 54
  - 56
  - 151
  - 281
  - 532
  - 3439
- date: '2003-10-07 22:23:37'
  votes:
  - 154
  - 21
  - 26
  - 36
  - 55
  - 57
  - 153
  - 295
  - 555
  - 3559
- date: '2003-10-07 22:28:36'
  votes:
  - 154
  - 21
  - 26
  - 36
  - 55
  - 57
  - 153
  - 295
  - 555
  - 3559
- date: '2003-12-18 10:40:40'
  votes:
  - 154
  - 22
  - 26
  - 38
  - 55
  - 57
  - 155
  - 301
  - 561
  - 3593
- date: '2004-02-19 00:25:51'
  votes:
  - 155
  - 22
  - 27
  - 39
  - 56
  - 59
  - 159
  - 313
  - 575
  - 3669
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 156
  - 22
  - 28
  - 40
  - 58
  - 64
  - 168
  - 320
  - 585
  - 3731
id: 119
permalink: /119/woe-i-say-woe-upon-thee-who-trifle-with-the-devine-server-administrator/
score: 9.11
title: Woe, I Say, Woe upon Thee Who Trifle with the Devine Server Administrator!
vicpic: victimpics/colorwizardbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/colorwizard.png
votes: 5204
---

Step aside, process! My day of tribulations is far from over, but before
we next speak righteous vengenace shall be mine and mine alone!

Let us begin at the beginning. I awoke refreshed from a full eight hours
rest and immediately headed out to eat. I then spent twenty minutes in
the drive-through of the McDonald's arguing with the reprobate on the
other end of the speaker because she refused to serve me breakfast,
simply because it was 3 PM.

McMuffinless and distraught, I arrived at work and stepped into my
domicile, sheltered from sunlight and lit only by a single lava lamp and
the warm refreshing glow of thousands of LED lights from our servers and
routers. I call this place the Crucible of Enlightenment. It is here I
weave my [Arcane Arts of Unix Server
Administration](@/victim/109.md).

It is my Xanadu.

But my wrath still boiled within me, and before I could begin my daily
cryptic shell scripting, I felt the need to restore the balance with a
warm, refreshing game of chess on the Internet. My mind, like a steel
trap, finds nourishment in the predictable and comforting patterns of
the aged chess warriors of yore. I logged in and set up a game with an
opponent I felt would assuredly assuage my pain of hashbrownlessness.

Soon, however, [my egregious chess opponent began verbally abusing
me!](@/victim/117.md) My blood began to boil. Darest he mock my
Italian opening! Darest he cast doubt upon my flawless Evans' Gambit!
... Darest he call the black bishop his "...Little Popey Dude?"

Most certainly my opponent could've been no more than a small child, a
precocious brat who, like a user over his account size limit, required
immediate schooling. But in mine burning anger and haste, I threatened
his precocious Queen and inadvertently exposed my rook, who fell victim
to what he called his "horsey." I was livid with rage. I screamed
audibly. I had been manhandled by a slavering prepubescent!

Burning with furious wrath, I picked up my chair and hurled it at my
infernal machine. Glass shattered; sparks flew. Nearby the shelving unit
perched precariously upon my desk tumbled; spilling burned CDs
everywhere, it crashed into the server rack, cracking the plastic front
like dried pasta. There was a flash; a rain of sparks. The entire rack
crumpled upon itself like a house of cards, tossing expensive hardware
carelessly into the ground. A multitude of green lights went very red,
and then very very black. For the first time in years the comforting hum
of mine minions slowed and ceased like the last rasping breaths of a
dead man. Silence.

I had taken our entire coastal web server array offline.

Within moments my [sniveling sweatshirted boss](@/victim/41.md) who
[does nothing but play Asheron's Call all day](@/victim/23.md)
stormed into the Crucible of Enlightenment. "I've lost my net connection
to the AC servers!" he cried, as would a whining child. Then he saw the
devastation. "Good God what have you done!" he wailed.

I explained, as patiently as I could, that Unix servers rarely require
rebooting but every year or so it's good to give them ... a hard boot.
He was not amused. He pulled out [his damnable organizational
chart](@/victim/110.md) and droned contemptuously about his plan to
remove all but a handful of functional employees so that he and others
may play online RPGs all day. He then explained that he had slashed the
server administration department to me and me alone because nobody else
could decode my arcane scripting routines and backup procedures. He
explained that we as a company could not [sell off nearly enough
EverQuest items on EBay](@/victim/54.md) to make up the cost of
hiring additional consultants, and that if I didn't have the servers up
and running within the next few hours his entire so-called "business
plan" would fall apart. I wept no tears. The foolish and desperate
wranglings of middle management were of little concern to me; I had lost
my rook.

But then he explained that our [mentally unbalanced technical support
representative](@/victim/46.md) had recently overdosed on Vivarin,
and that during the crisis I would be forced to handle the volume of
support calls while he procured the required replacement hardware for
me. LAMENTABLE! I was sat in front of a phone like a lowly acoustic
coupler. I was horrified. Actual verbal contact with our sycophantic
contemptible users? I wept inwardly and stared at the blinking
extensions. I had descended into hell.

I answered call after call from the hamster-headed stepchildren of our
backwards networked world.

"Help!" a lowly user begged. "Microsoft Word is unable to access my
network documents!" I explained to the miscreant that she should be
using VI for all her text editing needs, then hung up.

"My email is down! Microsoft Outlook can't find the server!" wept
another sorry subhuman. I scoffed audibly. "*Outlook?* Bloatware! Use
Pine. Or just type 'mail' at the % prompt, wretched villain!" Then I
hung up.

Suddenly I received a call of paramount importance. I could scarcely
believe my ears. "I was playing chess with some punk," whined a voice
from the ether. "I took his castle dude and then everything went dead."

The audio connection between myself and my nemesis crackled quietly. The
tension was tangible; I could feel it coalescing around me, tightening
my very bones. My hairs stood on end. That scum. That freakish doctored
tabloid photograph of a man. That worker of iniquity! WOE TO HIM! WOE TO
HE WHO DAREST MOCK MINE CHESSMAKING CAPACITIES!

Restraining my bile I explained to him that I would be sending a
"representative" to "help" with his "problem." I then wrote down with
quavering hand his home address. Now the fool was MINE.

Forsaking a phone bank filled with blinking extensions, I crawled under
my desk and slipped quietly out the back door. But not before grabbing
my trusted wooden staff, The Educator, which I loving refer to as "Kill
-9."

Oh yes my chess nemisis. Soon you will feel the stinging wrath of mine
fury. Check, mate, match! You will be mine. Oh yes. You ... will be ...
mine.