---
blurb: "New server is up  \n Let's all give Crenshaw a hand  \n All the Skillz are\
  \ mine\n"
color: false
date: '2001-02-15'
history:
- date: '2002-10-21 02:02:37'
  votes:
  - 75
  - 5
  - 22
  - 17
  - 33
  - 57
  - 139
  - 256
  - 421
  - 2070
- date: '2002-10-21 02:07:52'
  votes:
  - 75
  - 5
  - 22
  - 17
  - 33
  - 57
  - 139
  - 256
  - 421
  - 2070
- date: '2002-12-05 09:24:44'
  votes:
  - 75
  - 5
  - 22
  - 17
  - 33
  - 57
  - 140
  - 256
  - 424
  - 2096
- date: '2003-02-04 17:06:53'
  votes:
  - 77
  - 6
  - 23
  - 18
  - 35
  - 60
  - 146
  - 269
  - 452
  - 2237
- date: '2003-02-04 17:23:11'
  votes:
  - 77
  - 6
  - 23
  - 18
  - 35
  - 60
  - 146
  - 269
  - 452
  - 2238
- date: '2003-04-07 00:10:51'
  votes:
  - 78
  - 7
  - 24
  - 19
  - 35
  - 60
  - 149
  - 276
  - 464
  - 2281
- date: '2003-08-03 12:33:02'
  votes:
  - 78
  - 7
  - 24
  - 20
  - 35
  - 62
  - 153
  - 281
  - 481
  - 2347
- date: '2003-10-07 22:26:17'
  votes:
  - 78
  - 7
  - 24
  - 20
  - 36
  - 62
  - 155
  - 287
  - 486
  - 2379
- date: '2003-12-14 21:27:51'
  votes:
  - 78
  - 7
  - 24
  - 20
  - 36
  - 63
  - 157
  - 292
  - 493
  - 2430
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 79
  - 7
  - 24
  - 20
  - 37
  - 65
  - 159
  - 302
  - 502
  - 2494
id: 123
permalink: /123/that-creep-crenshaw-always-turns-the-air-conditioner-on-just-before-our-530-deathmatch/
score: 9.08
title: That Creep Crenshaw Always Turns the Air Conditioner on Just before Our 5:30
  Deathmatch
vicpic: victimpics/freezebig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/freeze.png
votes: 3723
---

Time and time again I found myself at his mercy, and I couldn't figure
out why. The workday ended, the sun was setting, and he would get onto
email with the smack-talk to all of us peeps downstairs. "INSTAGIB!" the
subject header would always be, and the body of the message was usually
a taunting haiku like:

{% css_class(class="center") %}
*Join my server now  
 My Railguns trailing brightly  
 Gibbing you, mid air.*
 {% end %}
 
So I would join his stupid server, and then after a couple of rounds my
hands would start to cramp up, and then pretty soon I'd be shivering and
I wouldn't be able to hold the mouse steady, and he would just DESTROY
me. Why? Why?

I'll tell you why! The creep flips on the downstairs air conditioner
just before he sends off his email!

Well, I spent all weekend plotting his demise. My attempts to install a
space heater merely blew the fuse down here. No, no, I needed to be
clever. Clever like the nimble newfoundland beaver.

With a sharpened pencil behind my ear, I proceeded to draft a six-page
scale model of our ventillation system and floorplan. Then, throughout
the day Saturday and well into the wee hours of Sunday morning, I
carefully constructed a complex network of hamster tubing from my air
vent all the way over to his desk. It went through the ceiling tile and
everything, completely stealth. At the end of it all the outlet was
pointing right at Crenshaw's mouse hand, with a small nozzle so as to
channel the output of six separate air vents right at him in a powerful
gust. Like a stream of ice. Oh yes. I couldn't wait until that schmuck
got a taste of his own, Mortal Kombat Sub-Zero style!

After constructing my apparatus I couldn't find my pencil. It must have
slipped from behind my ear. I thought nothing of it.

Monday afternoon rolled around and I was baking in my own sweat —
partially because there was no climate control during the noonday hours,
but mostly because I was nervous. Then ... I got the email:

{% css_class(class="center") %}
*Lonely server waits  
 Where are the chumps to fill it?  
 I will 0wn j00 all.*
 {% end %}
 
Suddenly I heard a clanging noise, like something hitting plastic. The
hamster-tubing groaned and shook. Clang! Cling! Clung! Something
ricochetted from tube to tube, like a marble getting sucked up into a
vacuum cleaner. I wasn't there to see it, but I understand that when the
pencil shot out of the nozzle above Crenshaw's desk, it sounded like an
18-wheeler backfiring. Wood-shavings flew everywhere. You could hear his
scream of pain all the way from accounting. The paramedics later told me
that the biggest difficulty wasn't removing the pencil from his hand,
but getting it out of the *mouse*.

That night I won.
