---
blurb: >
  Pardon me, I'm going to go eat some fish eggs.
color: true
date: '2001-03-03'
history:
- date: '2002-10-08 22:28:04'
  votes:
  - 89
  - 18
  - 20
  - 20
  - 50
  - 48
  - 97
  - 123
  - 149
  - 381
- date: '2002-10-08 22:33:08'
  votes:
  - 89
  - 18
  - 20
  - 20
  - 50
  - 48
  - 97
  - 123
  - 149
  - 381
- date: '2002-12-28 18:06:37'
  votes:
  - 89
  - 18
  - 20
  - 20
  - 51
  - 48
  - 98
  - 125
  - 153
  - 387
- date: '2003-02-27 10:11:16'
  votes:
  - 89
  - 18
  - 20
  - 21
  - 51
  - 49
  - 98
  - 128
  - 154
  - 397
- date: '2003-02-27 10:24:38'
  votes:
  - 89
  - 18
  - 20
  - 21
  - 51
  - 49
  - 98
  - 128
  - 154
  - 397
- date: '2003-04-07 18:15:03'
  votes:
  - 89
  - 18
  - 20
  - 21
  - 51
  - 49
  - 98
  - 128
  - 155
  - 398
- date: '2003-04-07 18:24:45'
  votes:
  - 89
  - 18
  - 20
  - 21
  - 51
  - 49
  - 98
  - 128
  - 155
  - 398
- date: '2003-10-13 00:42:33'
  votes:
  - 89
  - 18
  - 20
  - 21
  - 51
  - 51
  - 101
  - 133
  - 156
  - 406
- date: '2003-12-16 20:46:52'
  votes:
  - 89
  - 18
  - 20
  - 21
  - 51
  - 52
  - 101
  - 134
  - 156
  - 406
- date: '2004-02-07 04:08:39'
  votes:
  - 89
  - 18
  - 20
  - 21
  - 51
  - 52
  - 101
  - 135
  - 156
  - 408
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 89
  - 18
  - 20
  - 21
  - 51
  - 53
  - 101
  - 137
  - 158
  - 413
id: 137
permalink: /137/thank-you-for-the-cards-and-letters-i-received-regarding-the-alien-popping-out-of-my-stomach/
score: 7.59
title: Thank You for the Cards and Letters I Received regarding the Alien Popping
  Out of My Stomach
vicpic: victimpics/coloralienbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/coloralien.png
votes: 1080
---

Hello everyone!

I was taken aback by the amount of support I got when I publically
admitted that [I would rather have an alien pop out of my chest than
undergo another *Tribes 2* delay](@/victim/129.md). One gentlemen was
even kind enough to send me [the Alien Handpuppet He Uses to Contact the
Mothership](/img//graphics/blinky.png). Thank you, thank you all very
much. I will now answer questions from the audience.

**How Can I Get an Alien of My Own?** - Gary Roddenbaugh, NC

I'm sorry, Gary, I can't say. I remind you that I didn't actually *have*
an alien burst out of my chest; I merely stated that it would be
preferable to another *Tribes 2* delay. However, if you're serious about
the alien thing, I recommend finding wreckage of crashed
extra-terrestrial vehicles and eating any greenish or biological-looking
substance you could find. Good luck!

**Are you going to name the alien?** - AzlinX, Via GameSpy Arcade

I was thinking of maybe going with "Samuel" or "Ian."

**Do you think that it would hurt more if you had eaten a lot of salsa
or lemon-juice before the alien burst from your chest?** - shaithis, CA

You raise some excellent points. However, I've been asking around, and
the consensus seems to be that the pain of the alien actually bursting
forcefully through your bowels and out of your abdominal cavity would be
so overwhelming as to negate any possible side effects of burning or
itching caused by diet. Now, on the other hand, if you were asking if my
opinion would change, I can say with confidence that it wouldn't -- even
if I'd eaten spicy foods, I'd still rather go with the alien than
another *Tribes 2* delay. After all, there's always Pepto. That's what
mom always used to say. Before the accident.

**I am sorry to say i am loosing faith in this newly founded religion,
which is gaming. I would go as far as to say that 95% of all new games
that are made suck A\*\*. Maybe its because i have very high standards,
and belive in a Matrix sort of gaming world. I think that VR should be a
very important part of gaming...but is not, not yet anyways. But i do
have hope i my fading gaming soul..and that hope is: BLACK & WHITE!!!**
- Bernie (via email)

Whoa, back off, asscheeks. What I read here -- and forgive me for
reading between the lines but that's just the type of guy I am -- is
that you think that the original *Tribes* sucks.

I'll tell you what, VR dude with the high standards. Once I get my alien
-- and it may not be long now -- I'm going to breed him specially to go
after punks like you. That's right. You'll be at home some day, flipping
through the latest *Electronics Boutique* catalog with your pants around
your ankles, and you'll be thinking to yourself "All these games suck!"
and suddenly you'll hear a scraping outside, a clawing scuttle along the
dried leaves of your run-down home. All at once, as the creeping flush
of terror runs up your body, you'll wish that you hadn't have been so
brash as to come down hard on the dude who had an alien come out of his
chest. You'll rush to the garage door in an effort to make a clean
getaway, but when you flip the light switch it won't come on. Instead
you'll see the beady red glare of two alien eyes staring at you from the
rafters, and the glint of moonlight through the alien-shaped hole in the
aluminum siding. Too late you'll try to close the door, but before you
know it he'll be on your face, and you'll think to yourself as your
consciousness slips away that maybe you should've given the *Fallout
Tactics Demo* just *one ... more ... chance*.

That's right.

**Hey dude with the Alien, which would be worse: Another *Tribes 2*
Delay, or waking up inside a tank discovering that your body had been
cloned and your mind replaced with a cybernetic brain-simulator
programmed to mimic your every action?** - Ted North, NY

Now you're just being silly.

\[Note! [Daily Victim chat
room](https://web.archive.org/web/20010303000000/http://www.gamespyarcade.com/launch/launch.asp?gamename=c_dailyvictim)
is now open for business in [GameSpy
Arcade](https://web.archive.org/web/20010303000000/http://www.gamespyarcade.com/)!
