---
blurb: >
  Oh no, Mom's home! Help me move the couch over the barfstain!
color: false
date: '2001-03-26'
history:
- date: '2002-10-09 00:55:08'
  votes:
  - 87
  - 28
  - 28
  - 29
  - 31
  - 76
  - 113
  - 196
  - 241
  - 651
- date: '2002-10-09 00:55:26'
  votes:
  - 87
  - 28
  - 28
  - 29
  - 31
  - 76
  - 113
  - 196
  - 241
  - 651
- date: '2003-02-27 22:25:20'
  votes:
  - 87
  - 28
  - 28
  - 29
  - 34
  - 76
  - 116
  - 196
  - 245
  - 661
- date: '2003-04-08 05:05:21'
  votes:
  - 90
  - 28
  - 28
  - 29
  - 34
  - 76
  - 116
  - 197
  - 245
  - 661
- date: '2003-08-03 14:56:53'
  votes:
  - 90
  - 28
  - 29
  - 29
  - 34
  - 76
  - 119
  - 199
  - 245
  - 671
- date: '2003-10-16 13:21:58'
  votes:
  - 91
  - 28
  - 29
  - 29
  - 34
  - 76
  - 119
  - 200
  - 246
  - 674
- date: '2003-12-16 20:58:24'
  votes:
  - 91
  - 28
  - 29
  - 29
  - 34
  - 76
  - 120
  - 200
  - 249
  - 675
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 91
  - 29
  - 29
  - 29
  - 34
  - 76
  - 121
  - 201
  - 251
  - 682
id: 155
permalink: /155/today-me-and-mr-stuffnfluf-will-show-you-how-to-correctly-assault-counterstrikes-csmilitia-map/
score: 8.02
title: Today Me and Mr. Stuffnfluf Will Show You How to Correctly Assault Counter-Strike's
  cs\_militia Map
vicpic: victimpics/bearbig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/bear.gif
votes: 1561
---

Okay guys like today is the first weekly live training exercise for our
clan. Today we're gonna focus on the CS\_Militia map, because Mike and
Josh always get 0wned on that one. You guys play CS like you're still in
the sixth grade and not in Junior High, I mean like, *OhmiGOD*. OKay.

As you can see, I have very carefully rearranged my basement in an EXACT
representation of the basement of the house on CS\_Militia. Over here,
this overturned couch is the bar, and this wall right here with the
cardboard boxes is the kitchen counter, and my foosball table is the,
uh, table, and the sheet I draped over the hat rack is like those cases
of pop that were in the corner. Pretend the door to my garage is the
door to the garage where the hostages are, okay? Except don't charge in
there with guns cuz my sister is playing in there and last time I ran in
there with my ski-mask on and my dart gun she like totally horked all
over the mini-van and I had to clean it up, it really sucked.

Now, this cardboard life-sized cut-out of Seven of Nine from Star Trek
is like the hostage, okay? I'm sorry I don't have two hostages, but Mike
left my cardboard cutout of Boba Fett up in the treehouse when we were
practicing our CTF skillz and then it rained and he got ruined. Dick.

Okay, so, pretend that Mr. Stuffenfluf here is THE TERRORIST. Now, you
guys leave the room, and then come in like you're gonna rescue the
hostages, and I will critique on your performance like Roger Ebert,
except, like a badass Roger Ebert who is more like Mr. T. Ready? Okay
... GO!!

No no no, you guys are both dead, See, look, Mr. Stuffnfluf was hiding
behind the bar, it's like the oldest trick in the book. And he killed
both of you 'cuz you ran in and turned your back to him. No you couldn't
have shot him, he's a *low ping bear,* I mean look at him. Mr.
Stuffnfluf will *wreck* you if he catches your backside. Okay, try
again. Don't come in until I am ready.

BLAM! Nope, you both died again. See, you checked the bar, then ran in,
but Mr. Stuffnfluf was hiding here up on the little shelf above the
stove, see? You totally bought it. You just got your asses kicked by *A
TEDDY BEAR*, he chumped you both without even reloading, I *watched it
happen*. This bear is a GOD. He's like the Ayatollah Kay-Bee Toymeini.
HA HA HA! Look how his one eye is like totally loose -- that's like from
the kickback of his AK and stuff.

C'mon pay attention. Josh -- STOP DRY HUMPING THE HOSTAGE!

Hey, where's Mr. Stuffnfluf? Mike? Put Mr. Stuffnfluf down! Don't point
the dart gun at his head! He knows ju-jitsu and Matrix-like
walk-up-the-wall-fu stuff. Don't kick down the garage door! If my sister
sees Stuffnfluff with a gun to his head she'll spew stomach nuggets for
sure! GROSS. OKay I'm not cleaning it up this time.
