---
blurb: >
  Could you do me a favor? Stand at this computer here, watch our base, and if you
  see someone try to take the flag, could you start squealing? No, no, like this:
  "OooOOOOohhhAAAAIIEEEEE!! AHH! AHH!" Yeah, yeah, that's it...
color: true
date: '2001-03-31'
history:
- date: '2002-11-16 20:20:19'
  votes:
  - 105
  - 14
  - 15
  - 29
  - 37
  - 51
  - 100
  - 191
  - 252
  - 875
- date: '2002-12-04 23:48:27'
  votes:
  - 105
  - 14
  - 15
  - 29
  - 37
  - 51
  - 100
  - 191
  - 253
  - 879
- date: '2003-02-27 03:24:42'
  votes:
  - 107
  - 14
  - 15
  - 29
  - 37
  - 51
  - 100
  - 192
  - 255
  - 888
- date: '2003-02-27 04:11:49'
  votes:
  - 107
  - 14
  - 15
  - 29
  - 37
  - 51
  - 100
  - 192
  - 255
  - 889
- date: '2003-04-07 22:15:04'
  votes:
  - 108
  - 14
  - 16
  - 29
  - 37
  - 51
  - 100
  - 193
  - 257
  - 894
- date: '2003-07-27 16:02:49'
  votes:
  - 108
  - 15
  - 16
  - 29
  - 37
  - 51
  - 100
  - 195
  - 259
  - 905
- date: '2003-07-28 00:47:30'
  votes:
  - 108
  - 15
  - 16
  - 29
  - 37
  - 51
  - 100
  - 195
  - 259
  - 905
- date: '2003-08-02 13:54:39'
  votes:
  - 108
  - 15
  - 16
  - 29
  - 37
  - 51
  - 100
  - 195
  - 259
  - 906
- date: '2003-08-02 14:46:58'
  votes:
  - 108
  - 15
  - 16
  - 29
  - 37
  - 51
  - 100
  - 195
  - 259
  - 906
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 108
  - 15
  - 16
  - 29
  - 38
  - 51
  - 101
  - 197
  - 266
  - 924
id: 160
permalink: /160/i-spent-weeks-training-my-monkey-to-be-the-first-to-grab-tribes-2-at-the-store-but-things-went-oh-so-very-wrong/
score: 8.31
title: I Spent Weeks Training My Monkey to Be the First to Grab *Tribes 2* at the
  Store, but Things Went Oh So Very Wrong
vicpic: victimpics/colormonkeybig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/colormonkey.png
votes: 1771
---

I knew that someday my [extended experience in
monkey-training](@/victim/153.md) would empower my gaming career.
See, I'm a Tribes addict. I knew that my monkey's talents -- that is to
say, squealing whenever someone tried to take our flag -- was just the
tip of the simian iceberg.

See, for the last several weeks I've spent every afternoon at the Gaming
Gigabuys store in the Metro Pointe mall ensuring that the very moment
that *Tribes 2* was available, I would have the first copy. Sierra, the
publisher, made this easy for me; see, a while back they put up these
[fake *Tribes 2* store
displays](https://web.archive.org/web/20010331000000/http://www.penny-arcade.com/view.php3?date=2001-03-26&res=l)
that showed copies of the game, but they were only empty boxes. They
weren't even labelled differently! It was a shitty thing to do to
consumers, but a wonderful thing to do for us monkey trainers. Using
those things for practice, I had the little guy trained as sharp as
steel. He was in and out of that store in seconds, with a *Tribes 2* box
under his arm, every time. We cleaned out that whole display. I couldn't
wait; the moment the store opened this morning, I was going to send in
the monkey. I'd have a copy in my hands before they even finished
raising up the steel grate that covered the mall entrance!

That was the plan, at least. I stood behind the fountain next to the
Whattapretzel store, and as the Gaming Gigabuys guys started opening
their storefront, I sent in the monkey.

Then things went bad. Oh so very bad.

See, in honor of the *Tribes 2* release, Gaming Gigabuys had gone out
and hired that [Angry Moron in the Bear Suit](@/victim/106.md) to be
the Gaming Gigabear again. He and I had once gotten into a fistfight
over a plush Pikachu he sold me that I maintain had been under-stuffed.

Well, thanks to me playing [Black and White with my
monkey](@/victim/158.md), he had been trained to attack other large
animals on sight. So the little monkey stormed into the store, climbed
up the Tribes 2 display, and then froze in his tiny little monkey
tracks. There was this *Giant Bear* in the store. He wasted no time --
my monkey leapt from the display and attached himself to the bear's
face.

"HOLY MOTHER OF HELL GET THIS GOT DAMNED KID OFF MY FACE!" the bear dude
howled. Mistaking the monkey for a small child, he ripped it off and
smashed him into the Pokemon card display.

That just set my monkey off, you know? Now it was personal. The monkey
squealed so loud that the store's alarm sensors thought someone was
breaking glass, so pretty soon alarms were sounding and mall cops were
rushing up trying to find where they holstered their guns. Meanwhile,
the monkey was latched onto the bears arm, biting him so hard he howled
like a girl. Then, he suplexed the monkey in to the bargain bin. Copies
of Lego Creator flew in all directions. So monkey went straight for the
guy's balls. I couldn't see exactly how it all went down, but the bear
stumbled into the *Tribes 2* display whimpering. The cops managed to
break it up right after he grabbed the Dreamcast display and sent it
crashing down on my monkey. He was bellowing something about how he used
to perform at packed playhouses in Pittsburgh, and how he was once
understudy for King Lear. He was still screaming and weeping as they
took him -- and the monkey -- away to the humane society.

After the commotion I slipped into the store and managed to steal a copy
from behind the "Police Line Do Not Cross" tape. Yeah, yeah, I have
*Tribes 2* now, but it's a hollow victory. Whenever I play, I can't tell
if the enemy has our flag or not. I miss my monkey.