---
blurb: >
  This kinda crap makes me want to go back to miniatures.
color: false
date: '2001-04-11'
history:
- date: '2003-02-27 16:16:28'
  votes:
  - 103
  - 22
  - 29
  - 27
  - 41
  - 51
  - 89
  - 190
  - 222
  - 597
- date: '2003-04-08 04:29:45'
  votes:
  - 105
  - 23
  - 29
  - 27
  - 41
  - 51
  - 89
  - 191
  - 222
  - 598
- date: '2003-04-08 04:39:06'
  votes:
  - 105
  - 23
  - 29
  - 27
  - 41
  - 51
  - 89
  - 191
  - 222
  - 598
- date: '2003-08-02 23:04:55'
  votes:
  - 106
  - 23
  - 29
  - 27
  - 41
  - 53
  - 92
  - 193
  - 222
  - 605
- date: '2003-08-03 00:37:15'
  votes:
  - 106
  - 23
  - 29
  - 27
  - 41
  - 53
  - 92
  - 193
  - 222
  - 605
- date: '2003-10-08 00:53:38'
  votes:
  - 109
  - 25
  - 29
  - 28
  - 43
  - 57
  - 98
  - 199
  - 229
  - 645
- date: '2003-12-12 13:54:25'
  votes:
  - 109
  - 25
  - 29
  - 28
  - 43
  - 57
  - 98
  - 199
  - 232
  - 649
- date: '2004-02-11 00:26:37'
  votes:
  - 109
  - 25
  - 29
  - 28
  - 43
  - 57
  - 98
  - 199
  - 232
  - 655
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 109
  - 25
  - 29
  - 28
  - 43
  - 57
  - 98
  - 200
  - 232
  - 669
id: 169
permalink: /169/are-you-a-wargamer-or-some-kind-of-communist/
score: 7.94
title: Are You a Wargamer or Some Kind of Communist!?
vicpic: victimpics/grognard2big.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/grognard2.gif
votes: 1509
---

I'd just like to respond to [the childish droppings of yesterday's
poster](@/victim/168.md) regarding Panzer Attack Gold Special Forces
Edition -- the finest casual wargame to come out since the Canadian
Forces suppliment to Field Marshall Rundstedt's European Battle Command
"Sturmgruppe Follies" Expansion pack.

First off, he's whining that some British cowboys scratched the paint on
his Panzer without taking shrapnel damage. HELLO!? Listen up, back-door
commando, it's not like any REAL wehrmacht Oberleutnant would allow his
Panzers to be so far forward without infantry support. Thanks to you,
we're all speaking English.

More importantly, take a look at the Mark II Grenade shrapnel tables
available on PanzerCombat.org. As we all know the secondary movement
round takes place immdiately after the primary thrown weapons phase but
before grenade effects are calculated, giving the Brits an opportunity
to go prone before calculating shrapnel and concussion damage as per
Table 4-1-1. Check it out:

Damage = ((4(skill)+2d6) / (Rang+slope)\*Offst)-2.5\*dist

Then you figure the armor bonuses for the British M1 helmet and subtract
any modifiers for the prone position and there's only like a 1 in 100
chance of shrapnel damage per soldier from a 69-degree sloped surface
spread. That's war, son!

If you can't do the math, get the hell off the battlefield!!

As for your inability to penetrate an allied pillbox from 200 meters,
had you bothered to mouse over the unit in the bunker you would've seen
that even though a 'hit' didn't register they were probably suffering
from the -55% first-round concussive damage penalty as per Table 5-2-1
from the blast. Realistic? No, but that's what's called an ABSTRACTION,
you know, to keep the gameplay moving along instead of getting mucked
down in all the details. That's what makes Panzer Attack Gold Special
Forces Edition such an easy game to play for casual gamers like myself.
Ass.