---
blurb: >
  Cool, the people below me are typing, "What's that speck in the sky?"


  I hope I land on one.
color: false
date: '2001-04-24'
history:
- date: '2002-10-11 02:54:27'
  votes:
  - 272
  - 61
  - 79
  - 71
  - 85
  - 131
  - 252
  - 367
  - 342
  - 1121
- date: '2002-10-11 02:59:45'
  votes:
  - 272
  - 61
  - 79
  - 71
  - 85
  - 131
  - 252
  - 367
  - 342
  - 1121
- date: '2002-12-28 08:42:55'
  votes:
  - 275
  - 61
  - 80
  - 71
  - 85
  - 132
  - 257
  - 370
  - 346
  - 1133
- date: '2002-12-28 08:46:16'
  votes:
  - 275
  - 61
  - 80
  - 71
  - 85
  - 132
  - 257
  - 370
  - 346
  - 1133
- date: '2003-02-19 11:04:20'
  votes:
  - 275
  - 61
  - 80
  - 71
  - 85
  - 132
  - 258
  - 370
  - 347
  - 1134
- date: '2003-02-19 11:22:37'
  votes:
  - 275
  - 61
  - 80
  - 71
  - 85
  - 132
  - 258
  - 370
  - 347
  - 1134
- date: '2003-04-07 10:12:35'
  votes:
  - 275
  - 62
  - 80
  - 71
  - 85
  - 132
  - 259
  - 372
  - 348
  - 1137
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 276
  - 62
  - 80
  - 71
  - 85
  - 133
  - 263
  - 380
  - 351
  - 1170
id: 178
permalink: /178/in-retrospect-it-was-a-bad-idea-to-mercillesly-taunt-that-asherons-call-admin/
score: 7.57
title: In Retrospect It Was a Bad Idea to Mercillesly Taunt That Asheron's Call Admin
vicpic: victimpics/actauntbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/actaunt.png
votes: 2891
---

When you find yourself teleported a mile above the game world,
plummeting helplessly toward Fort Teth to your certain doom, you have an
uncanny opportunity to look back over your life and the lessons you
learned. Myself? I believe it may have been a bad idea to taunt the game
admin.

"What up, fatty!?" I typed, welcoming him to the town. See, he was
wearing Kouija leggings that look all fat and puffy, and he was acting
all big, saying all kinds of holier-than-thou crap — like, "Hail
citizens, can I assist you?" and stuff.

So you know, I started ribbing him. "I thought I smelled a server
admin," I said. "Hey, you wouldn't happen to have any copper chainmail
helmets stashed up there in between the ENORMOUS FOLDS OF FAT that cling
to your engorged gut do ya, eh chunks?"

Come to think of it, maybe the admin was overweight in real life.

He was ignoring me and talking to a new player. "I'm sorry, fair Lady,
but I cannot merely grant players gold pieces," he typed. "However,
Northeast of the lifestone you will find a short quest befitting of your
status and bravery!" What a pud. You know, I hate when these creeps
flaunt their power like that.

"Hey listen," I butted in. "Tell her the truth — you can't give her any
gold because you were too busy hauling your big oversized dimpled ass to
the salvation army to pick up some spare armor that makes you look like
a victim of a car accident and then you spent the rest of your pyreals
on Hostess cupcakes and cheesecake with whipped cream, you big
sweltering three-fingered nostril-headed armpit-boy." You know, I was
just playfully joshing with him.

"Verily, you speak to an elder, tempestuous little one," he said. Oh
yeah, see? Now he decides he's going to pick on me. What a jerk. It was
time to stop playing around and give him a piece of my mind.

"Elder? More like EL-DORKO!" I typed. "You got the face of a reedshark
attack; grotesque and pointy. Is your armor supposed to be dung-colored
or did you have an accident, you sweaty cow-suckling pasta-faced
fartwhiffer!!" Then I handed him a torch that I had engraved with the
words, "Stuff this. Lit."

So the next thing I know I appear in a puff of magic a few thousand feet
above a town in the direlands. Why does stuff like this always happen to
me?

&nbsp;

\[Victim idea [submitted](mailto:feedback@gamespy.com) by GameSpy reader
Sal "Sluggo" Accardo.\]