---
blurb: >
  Just for that, I'm putting the door back onto his bathroom. TAKE THAT HIPPIEBOY!
color: false
date: '2001-04-27'
history:
- date: '2002-12-29 12:21:31'
  votes:
  - 46
  - 13
  - 15
  - 22
  - 32
  - 42
  - 110
  - 179
  - 282
  - 1056
- date: '2002-12-29 12:33:16'
  votes:
  - 46
  - 13
  - 15
  - 22
  - 32
  - 42
  - 110
  - 179
  - 282
  - 1056
- date: '2003-02-05 05:15:48'
  votes:
  - 46
  - 13
  - 15
  - 22
  - 32
  - 43
  - 110
  - 180
  - 282
  - 1060
- date: '2003-04-07 03:13:41'
  votes:
  - 46
  - 13
  - 15
  - 22
  - 33
  - 43
  - 110
  - 182
  - 284
  - 1066
- date: '2003-04-07 04:30:19'
  votes:
  - 46
  - 13
  - 15
  - 22
  - 33
  - 43
  - 110
  - 182
  - 284
  - 1066
- date: '2003-08-03 01:36:27'
  votes:
  - 46
  - 13
  - 15
  - 22
  - 33
  - 44
  - 111
  - 183
  - 289
  - 1082
- date: '2003-12-14 21:37:31'
  votes:
  - 46
  - 13
  - 15
  - 22
  - 33
  - 44
  - 111
  - 185
  - 292
  - 1093
- date: '2004-02-07 04:22:40'
  votes:
  - 46
  - 13
  - 15
  - 22
  - 33
  - 44
  - 111
  - 185
  - 293
  - 1099
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 46
  - 13
  - 15
  - 22
  - 33
  - 44
  - 111
  - 185
  - 294
  - 1115
id: 181
permalink: /181/these-freakish-puzzle-games-bring-me-no-delight-whatsoever/
score: 8.79
title: These Freakish Puzzle Games Bring Me No Delight Whatsoever!
vicpic: victimpics/cubebig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/cube.png
votes: 1899
---

Let me tell you about Ed, my hippie gamer inventor friend. Each week he
insists he's found the next big thing. But, his things ... they're never
big. Often, I wouldn't consider them things.

Take, for instance, the PC simulation game he invented earlier this
month. "Meat Packing Tycoon." It was an economic sim where you created
this meat packing plant and cows would come in via a conveyor belt and
your job was to ship them out in cans or shrink-wrapped piles of ground
beef as efficiently as possible without getting closed by the health
inspector. It was disgusting! I played the game for the good part of an
afternoon and declared that *[I would never eat meat
again.](@/victim/22.md)* "Duuuu--ude," he told me, slurping his Dr
Pepper. "That was the whole *point!*"

Ed has a tendency to get on my nerves.

A couple months before that he had programmed this game and released it
on
[FilePlanet](http://web.archive.org/web/20010427000000/http://www.fileplanet.com/).
It was a modification for
[Half-Life](http://web.archive.org/web/20010427000000/http://www.planethalflife.com/)
called "RealCombat." It featured [realistic modern
weaponry](@/victim/48.md) and physics. I spent two hours downloading
it while he watched on excitedly. I logged into a server, picked up a
pistol, and stepped into a corridor with peeling wallpaper. Behind me I
heard a door click -- I turned and someone shot me, so I crumpled to the
floor and died. But instead of respawning, the game closed, and deleted
itself.

"WTF!" I cried. "What was that? The whole game is gone!"

Ed was grinning, and pushed his long mangy hair away from his eyes in
between bites of sunflower seeds. "Dude, totally. It teaches people the
*value* of a single human life!"

Sometimes I don't like Ed.

Today, though I was at his place. I mean, sure, the guy has nothing but
vegetarian food and the place is a sty and all of his doors were taken
off the hinges "to promote a more open environment," but he usually has
some cool PS2 import games to try.

When I came in he was holding a Rubik's Cube, analyzing it, and smiling
smugly. "A Rubik's Cube?" I asked.

He nodded. "It's like the 20th anniversary of *the cube* man." He toyed
with the colorful puzzle in his hands. "So I remade it. I'm aiming for
like a cultural phenomena for a new generation."

I grimaced. "C'mon dude. It's old. It's been solved. You know, when it
came out, I was in second grade. We actually had contests where my
elementary school would scramble up some cubes and kids would try to
solve it. I could do it in under three minutes. It's all old news."

Ed, he has these piercing eyes. He looked at me kinda like my dad does.
"You know man, that's just the problem. That's what ruined the cube for
the rest of us. Dudes like you. People trying to win. Let me ask you: Do
you ever win Tetris? No, there's just more falling blocks to stack. It's
an experience, a way of life. That's what I've created, man. A Cube of
Life. Something that we all can enjoy, together, as a people."

He set the cube down next to his rock garden, announced that he'd be
back soon, and rushed off to his patent lawyer.

I spent three hours trying to solve that damn thing. Then I realized
that he had seven different colors of stickers on a six-sided cube.

I hate Ed.