---
blurb: >
  "C'mon Ed, c'mon, I'll buy you a Zima big guy."
color: true
date: '2001-05-05'
history:
- date: '2002-12-28 08:36:03'
  votes:
  - 81
  - 18
  - 17
  - 22
  - 39
  - 57
  - 85
  - 198
  - 246
  - 991
- date: '2003-02-28 17:08:20'
  votes:
  - 81
  - 18
  - 17
  - 22
  - 39
  - 57
  - 85
  - 199
  - 247
  - 998
- date: '2003-02-28 17:15:11'
  votes:
  - 81
  - 18
  - 17
  - 22
  - 39
  - 57
  - 85
  - 199
  - 247
  - 998
- date: '2003-08-18 12:28:00'
  votes:
  - 83
  - 18
  - 17
  - 23
  - 39
  - 57
  - 86
  - 205
  - 252
  - 1023
- date: '2003-08-18 13:43:13'
  votes:
  - 83
  - 18
  - 17
  - 23
  - 39
  - 57
  - 86
  - 205
  - 252
  - 1023
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 84
  - 18
  - 17
  - 23
  - 39
  - 57
  - 87
  - 207
  - 260
  - 1055
id: 188
permalink: /188/gamers-like-myself-are-often-inconsiderate-of-our-friends-feelings-particularly-when-we-destroy-them/
score: 8.49
title: Gamers like Myself Are Often Inconsiderate of Our Friends' Feelings, Particularly
  When We Destroy Them.
vicpic: victimpics/colorcubebig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/colorcube.png
votes: 1880
---

Hopefully you all recall last week when I [Introduced you to my friend
Ed](@/victim/181.md), my hippie gaming buddy. He's not just an
amateur inventor of games -- he once created a three-player version of
pong where one player was the ball -- he's also a pretty hardcore player
himself. Many an afternoon I found him sitting indian-style in front of
his glowing monitor in his dome-shaped house, playing *Black and White*
multiplayer and training his creature to play nicely with the others.

Sometimes I forget that Ed is of a little different stock than the rest
of us. He'll spend weeks playing nothing but TeamFortress as a medic --
"They need me, man!" he'd say. "People are dying!"

After one particular gaming binge I saw Ed sitting in the corner of my
favorite bar in a drunken, drooling haze, surrounded by empty bottles of
Zima. His shoulder-length hair was dotted with peanut shells. "I coulda
saved them," he sighed when I pressed him for details. "WHO?" I asked,
concerned. He peered at me with bloodshot eyes. "The Counter-Strike
Hostages, maaan!" As I pulled him away to call him a cab home, he
pointed to the empty Zima bottles and insisted that someone recycle
them.

That being said, Ed still gets on my nerves on occasion. Last week
you'll recall that he [Created a new type of puzzle
game](@/victim/181.md), based off of the Rubik's Cube. I spent hours
trying to solve it before discovering that he put seven colors on a
six-sided cube. See, that's exactly the kind of crap that he's always
trying to pull -- he's always trying to teach us some sort of "moral
lesson." Like here, he was probably trying to tell me that I shouldn't
always strive to "win," I should enjoy the constant struggle and
betterment of mankind.

WHAT A BUNCH OF CRAP!

I don't know about Ed, but I was put on this Earth to kick ass and take
names. And damned if I was going to let his stupid puzzle game teach me
*anything.*

So... I worked at it... for hours. My palms were raw and my fingernails
broken. At one point I actually had it in my mouth. But you know, I
licked it! Er, not with my tongue. I mean to say, I actually beat it.
See, what I did is I played with it until there was a single stripe of a
different color running through the center of each side. All seven
colors fit perfectly and it looked exactly as if it was meant to be that
way. Heh. Hehe. I won.

Ed came home, stepping into his house (he had no actual front door to
open) and parting his stringy hair. "Dude! What's up brother?" he asked.
And instead of answering, I threw the cube at him.

"I WON!" I said. "A WINNER IS ME!" I stood on his coffee table, and
began dancing violently -- bouncing his rock garden to and fro. "VICTORY
is MINE! You got OWNED hippie cube boy! Ha ha ha ha! I am a WINNER! You
are a LOSER!"

Maybe I got a little carried away. I stopped talking and simply pointed
at Ed and laughed and laughed. Gradually I got quiet. Ed was looking at
the cube. And when he looked up at me, a single tear rolled from his eye
-- like that Indian in the commercial.

I had done a terrible terrible thing.