---
blurb: >
  Next year, Jabba. Next you — you *will* be mine.
color: true
date: '2001-05-19'
history:
- date: '2002-10-08 05:12:40'
  votes:
  - 143
  - 28
  - 36
  - 40
  - 68
  - 101
  - 175
  - 308
  - 249
  - 658
- date: '2002-10-08 05:24:24'
  votes:
  - 143
  - 28
  - 36
  - 40
  - 68
  - 101
  - 175
  - 308
  - 249
  - 658
- date: '2002-12-04 18:02:29'
  votes:
  - 143
  - 28
  - 36
  - 40
  - 68
  - 101
  - 177
  - 308
  - 252
  - 668
- date: '2002-12-04 18:04:40'
  votes:
  - 143
  - 28
  - 36
  - 40
  - 68
  - 101
  - 177
  - 308
  - 252
  - 668
- date: '2003-02-05 05:16:05'
  votes:
  - 143
  - 28
  - 36
  - 40
  - 68
  - 102
  - 177
  - 309
  - 253
  - 673
- date: '2003-02-05 05:26:10'
  votes:
  - 143
  - 28
  - 36
  - 40
  - 68
  - 102
  - 177
  - 309
  - 253
  - 673
- date: '2003-04-06 23:41:42'
  votes:
  - 143
  - 28
  - 36
  - 40
  - 69
  - 103
  - 178
  - 313
  - 253
  - 674
- date: '2003-07-27 17:22:29'
  votes:
  - 146
  - 28
  - 37
  - 40
  - 70
  - 105
  - 181
  - 317
  - 257
  - 712
- date: '2003-07-27 22:44:07'
  votes:
  - 146
  - 28
  - 37
  - 40
  - 70
  - 105
  - 181
  - 317
  - 257
  - 712
- date: '2003-10-16 20:31:33'
  votes:
  - 146
  - 28
  - 38
  - 40
  - 71
  - 106
  - 181
  - 319
  - 259
  - 716
- date: '2003-10-16 20:35:28'
  votes:
  - 146
  - 28
  - 38
  - 40
  - 71
  - 106
  - 181
  - 319
  - 259
  - 716
- date: '2003-12-27 08:32:58'
  votes:
  - 146
  - 28
  - 38
  - 40
  - 71
  - 106
  - 181
  - 320
  - 261
  - 720
- date: '2004-03-01 02:22:31'
  votes:
  - 146
  - 28
  - 38
  - 40
  - 71
  - 106
  - 181
  - 321
  - 261
  - 723
- date: '2004-03-01 02:23:07'
  votes:
  - 146
  - 28
  - 38
  - 40
  - 71
  - 106
  - 181
  - 321
  - 261
  - 723
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 146
  - 28
  - 38
  - 40
  - 71
  - 107
  - 181
  - 323
  - 262
  - 733
id: 200
permalink: /200/my-secret-n1nj4-mission-to-e3-was-a-dismal-failure/
score: 7.63
title: My Secret N1NJ4 Mission to E3 Was a Dismal Failure
vicpic: victimpics/colorninjabig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/colorninja.png
votes: 1968
---

My name is Alexi Federov, and I am a PR355 N1NJ4. You may remember [my
stealthy exploits during GameStock](@/victim/145.md), and my
exclusive photo of what the X-box plastic shrink-wrapping would look
like — posted on my fansite and mine alone! Now, of course, over the
past few months every single gaming site I've worked for has gone out of
business, and nobody was available to pay for my press pass to
[E3](https://web.archive.org/web/20010519000000/http://gamespy.com/e3)
(the biggest gaming convention in the world.) But the coverage, as we
PR355 N1NJ4s say, must go on — no matter what the cost in human lives.

Sadly, all did not go well. Allow me to paint the scene.

Under the cover of the pre-dawn stillness of night, the Goodyear blimp
rumbled quietly over the sleeping city of Los Angeles. Few saw the
spectacle, the dark oblong shape against the purple night sky, returning
home after another long journey. Fewer still, perhaps none at all, saw
the small speck of a figure bunjee-jumping from his hiding place
underneath the gondola where he'd been fastened ever since grappling to
it the evening before. That speck was me. A PR355 N1NJ4 never sleeps.

I plummeted, arms outstretched, over two thousand feet. The cord pulled
taught, and I withdrew my mini-crossbow/grappling hook from my black
tunic. The steel cord whistled through the air and scored a hit onto the
roof of the Los Angeles Convention Center, the site for my mission and
the largest gathering of gaming industry professionals ever. I reeled
myself down; I released the bunjee cord from my feet. I did a handstand.
I flipped head-over-heel over the aluminum roof, quiet as a sampering
gerbil. Within seconds I had planted myself before a steel ventilation
grate at the top of the West hall elevator shaft. Moments later I was
within the compound.

I was but a trace of a glimpse of a shadow from the corner of the eye; I
was all but invisible. I flowed through rafters above the pre-dawn show
floor like a Spring breeze.

So it was that I found myself suspended between two girders high above
the show floor as the unwitting sheep filed into the convention center
hours later. They all had passes. They all waited for permission to
enter. They were all fewls; and I was like lightning, poised to strike
and set all aflame with my electrical touch before disappearing in a
blinding flash. My plan? Zip down by ripcord into the back-room [*Star
Wars Galaxies* private
demo](https://web.archive.org/web/20010519000000/http://gamespy.com/e3/StarWarsGalaxies).
There, I planned to snap an ILLICIT AND COMPLETELY UNAUTHORIZED PHOTO OF
THE JABBA THE HUTT MODEL IN-GAME!! Immediately after snapping the
digital pic I would throw a smoke bomb on the ground, and cackling with
sadistic glee, I would disappear through the mist as the publishers
screamed and wailed in frantic terror. Moments later I would be riding
out of the South Hall Parking Garage clenched invisibly to the top of a
shuttle bus.

However, as I clambered around high above the West hall, it became
apparent that my surveilance info was incorrect. I could not locate the
LucasArts area from my vantage point. I decided to rapell down and steal
an updated show program from the back-pocket of an unsupecting
Activision employee. Silent as a falling leaf, I descended into their
area. However, just as I was about to capture my prize and disappear, I
spotted professional skateboarding champion Rodney Mullen talking to
some reporters by the *Tony Hawk* pavillion.

I cannot recollect, exactly, how it happened. But ... I just lost it. I
simply lost it. Years of PR355 N1NJ4 training evaporated
instantaneously. I suddenly found myself rendered into a complete
fanboy. "DDUUUDDEE!" I said, jumping to the floor and rushing toward him
as dozens of unsuspecting booth security admins suddenly stirred in
shock and turned my way.

"DUDE! Rodney Mullen! I play as you in Tony Hawk Pro Skater all the
time, man! I tell all my friends you're the best skater in the game!
Dude you totally rock!" Rodney turned to me, and I suddenly froze in
terror. I was standing in the open, in a bright light, completely
exposed for all to see. I had no press pass. Security descended on me
like pit-bulls. When I realized what I had done, I had no choice...

I started shouting advice to Rodney as they dragged me away. "Hey man
press 'Down+Right+Grab' it's PHAAAAT!" I screamed. Within minutes I was
out of the building and in a holding cell being eyed by the Los Angeles
police.

Granted, no mere prison can hold a fully trained PR355 N1NJ4. Sixteen
casualties and one man without pants later, I was again a free man. But
I dared not return to E3. My mission was a failure ...

Or was it? Perhaps Rodney will heed my advice in the professional
circuit ... hmmm...