---
blurb: >
  Howabout if I stripped naked and pasted a paper towel over each of my nipples? Would
  that work out for us?
color: false
date: '2001-05-22'
history:
- date: '2002-11-12 08:21:40'
  votes:
  - 55
  - 17
  - 23
  - 21
  - 30
  - 57
  - 100
  - 195
  - 213
  - 454
- date: '2002-12-04 12:42:49'
  votes:
  - 55
  - 17
  - 23
  - 21
  - 30
  - 57
  - 100
  - 195
  - 214
  - 457
- date: '2002-12-04 12:50:41'
  votes:
  - 55
  - 17
  - 23
  - 21
  - 30
  - 57
  - 100
  - 195
  - 214
  - 457
- date: '2003-02-27 18:13:43'
  votes:
  - 55
  - 17
  - 23
  - 21
  - 30
  - 57
  - 101
  - 196
  - 216
  - 461
- date: '2003-04-08 01:19:49'
  votes:
  - 55
  - 17
  - 24
  - 21
  - 30
  - 57
  - 102
  - 196
  - 217
  - 461
- date: '2003-07-07 15:23:53'
  votes:
  - 55
  - 18
  - 25
  - 21
  - 30
  - 57
  - 102
  - 196
  - 221
  - 467
- date: '2003-10-14 11:45:40'
  votes:
  - 56
  - 18
  - 25
  - 21
  - 30
  - 57
  - 102
  - 196
  - 223
  - 473
- date: '2003-10-14 11:55:28'
  votes:
  - 56
  - 18
  - 25
  - 21
  - 30
  - 57
  - 102
  - 196
  - 223
  - 473
- date: '2004-02-08 04:05:31'
  votes:
  - 56
  - 18
  - 25
  - 21
  - 30
  - 57
  - 102
  - 196
  - 225
  - 477
- date: '2004-02-08 04:07:59'
  votes:
  - 56
  - 18
  - 25
  - 21
  - 30
  - 57
  - 102
  - 196
  - 225
  - 477
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 56
  - 18
  - 25
  - 21
  - 30
  - 57
  - 102
  - 197
  - 226
  - 488
id: 202
permalink: /202/i-am-trapped-in-the-ass-end-of-a-hellish-excuse-for-a-gaming-convention/
score: 7.98
title: I Am Trapped in the Ass End of a Hellish Excuse for a Gaming Convention
vicpic: victimpics/kentiabig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/kentia.png
votes: 1246
---

Hello everyone, and thank you for attending the 1:30 PM presentation of
the new gaming technology being offered by my company, CrakSoft. We make
awesome games that you can play from your PDA, games like "Go-Go
Snakey," where you attempt to move a snake around without hitting your
own tail, and the blockbuster sequel "Go-Go Snakey Online," a massively
multiplayer version of the same.

We spent phenomenal amounts of money to join thousands of other
companies at the [2001 Electronics Entertainment
Expo](https://web.archive.org/web/20010522000000/http://gamespy.com/e3)
here today, so much so that I would use the term "assloads" without
embarrassment. I can say with almost complete certainty that every
single penny was wasted, particularly the ten bucks that I spent to buy
a side-salad at the concession stand.

Because, the fact is, that I am speaking to a single person. We have 35
chairs set up and a stage with a PA system here, and you, sir, are the
only one who has bothered to attend the presentation at all today.
Furthermore, you're not even listening to me. You sat down because you
look to be exhausted, and for the last ten minutes I've watched you
staring at that [hot chick on the
poster](/img//e3/pictures2/kentia/229_29.png) in the booth across from
ours, slackjawed and dreamy. Even as I speak, I am watching a small
tendril of drool lower itself from the puddle in your mouth and crawl,
like a swinging pendulum, ever-so-slowly toward the floor.

I suspect that a major problem is that we blew our entire wad of
investment capital on a double-sized booth in the cheapest of possible
E3 show floor locations, the lovely and spacious [Kentia
Hall](https://web.archive.org/web/20010522000000/http://www.gamespy.com/e3/pictures2/kentia/).
Kentia Hall is located alongside a parking garage. In fact, earlier I
lifted up the carpet and noticed that beneath it was asphalt with white
lines painted on it. Furthermore, our booth is situated on what was once
a handicapped spot. But I digress.

Our booth, despite costing more money than a corporate jet, is for all
intents and purposes located in a ghetto. Kentia Hall is crawling with
beggars and the mamed. The presenter in the booth across from ours was
recently attacked by bats. Just moments before I took the stage several
youths wearing bandannas drove by in a forklift and started shooting at
rival gang members. There are so many chalk outlines in the bathroom
that they cease to be discernable as individuals.

I would like to change subjects once more and address the fact that it
has now been 15 minutes and you haven't taken your eyes off that [hot
chick on the poster](/img//e3/pictures2/kentia/229_29.png), not even to
blink. First of all, sir, I would point to the fact that there are real
girls walking around the show floor, and many of them are *paid* just to
*touch* you. Second of all, the image you are staring at is not possible
within the physical laws of our universe. There is no center-tie or back
to that bikini top -- what could possibly be holding it to her body,
short of paste? Her skull does not have enough surface area to explain
the growth of so much hair. What is connecting the sword scabbords to
her ass? And how is that dress staying on? Don't you find the placement
of the "flower" just a bit gratuitous? Hello? Sir? .... Hello? If I talk
about my snakey will you listen?
