---
blurb: >
  After six tries, I managed to crash through the dome of the main admin building.
color: true
date: '2001-06-03'
history:
- date: '2002-11-07 01:16:02'
  votes:
  - 67
  - 10
  - 10
  - 20
  - 22
  - 31
  - 68
  - 160
  - 232
  - 1144
- date: '2002-12-28 09:12:13'
  votes:
  - 67
  - 10
  - 10
  - 20
  - 22
  - 31
  - 68
  - 160
  - 232
  - 1152
- date: '2002-12-28 09:13:43'
  votes:
  - 67
  - 10
  - 10
  - 20
  - 22
  - 31
  - 68
  - 160
  - 232
  - 1152
- date: '2003-02-05 10:20:51'
  votes:
  - 67
  - 10
  - 10
  - 20
  - 22
  - 32
  - 68
  - 160
  - 232
  - 1158
- date: '2003-04-07 22:55:58'
  votes:
  - 67
  - 10
  - 11
  - 20
  - 23
  - 32
  - 69
  - 162
  - 235
  - 1170
- date: '2003-04-07 23:13:07'
  votes:
  - 67
  - 10
  - 11
  - 20
  - 23
  - 32
  - 69
  - 162
  - 235
  - 1170
- date: '2003-07-27 16:23:08'
  votes:
  - 67
  - 10
  - 11
  - 20
  - 24
  - 32
  - 70
  - 164
  - 237
  - 1187
- date: '2003-07-27 23:16:21'
  votes:
  - 67
  - 10
  - 11
  - 20
  - 24
  - 32
  - 70
  - 164
  - 237
  - 1187
- date: '2003-08-02 16:18:54'
  votes:
  - 67
  - 10
  - 11
  - 20
  - 24
  - 32
  - 70
  - 165
  - 237
  - 1188
- date: '2003-10-08 00:59:14'
  votes:
  - 67
  - 10
  - 11
  - 20
  - 24
  - 32
  - 70
  - 165
  - 239
  - 1202
- date: '2003-12-27 07:07:26'
  votes:
  - 67
  - 10
  - 12
  - 20
  - 24
  - 33
  - 70
  - 166
  - 239
  - 1208
- date: '2004-02-22 13:24:11'
  votes:
  - 67
  - 10
  - 12
  - 20
  - 24
  - 33
  - 70
  - 166
  - 239
  - 1212
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 67
  - 10
  - 12
  - 20
  - 24
  - 34
  - 70
  - 167
  - 241
  - 1225
id: 211
permalink: /211/my-arch-gaming-nemisis-was-in-a-body-cast-yet-he-still-talked-smack/
score: 8.86
title: My Arch Gaming Nemisis Was in a Body Cast, Yet He Still Talked Smack
vicpic: victimpics/colorcastbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/colorcast.png
votes: 1894
---

The van was all packed up, and we were preparing to drive all of our
computers back home after [my humiliating LAN party match against Stewie
the Frosh](@/victim/205.md). Suddenly one of his frat buddies,
driving by on a motorcycle, roared up next to us. "You guys still in
town?" he asked. We nodded. I refused to make eye-contact after my
whuppin two nights before.

"You heard Stewie's in the hospital?" he asked. Our looks of surprise
were all the answer he needed. "Yeah, last night we made a catapult out
of some 2x4s and a barber's chair and some ce-ment blocks, you know,
usual stuff. We call it the graduation Frat-a-pult. F--in' sent Stewie
through the roof of the library. They found him with a bottle of tequila
in his hand and half of the 900s up his ass."

Much as I hated Stewie, and his terrible taunt of "You can't hit
nothin'," it's a terrible thing to hear of a gamer who's hurt. We
decided to stop by and wish him well.

The hospital was grey and reeked of clenser. The nurses were bored --
the ward was empty but for Stewie, who we found alone in his room, lit
by a single skylight in the ceiling. Stewie was in traction. I mean it
-- he was in bad shape. Two black eyes, a tube in his nose, his legs in
casts from hip to toe, one arm encased in plaster and hanging from the
ceiling, his hair completely covered in bandages... it woulda been
horrible, except Stewie was in good spirits. "WHAT UP BOOYY-ZZ!" he
called as we came in.

We said we were sorry to hear what happened. He said he was sorry we
missed it. Then he spotted me and suddenly his attitude changed. "Oh, oh
I see why you're here. You think jes' cuz' I'm in traction you're gonna
kick my ass, hunh? Well nuh-unnh! You're goin' DOooOWN!" with each word
his metal bed rattled.

"Dude, I'm not here to kick your ass. I'm just here to make sure you're
doin' okay," I said, trying to sound reassuring.

Stewie the Frosh, bound in plaster and sucking a tube of oxygen, would
have none of it. "Oh no bitches, I still gotz the skillz. Bring it!" he
paused to spit out some blood and fragments of what appeared to be
teeth. "BRinG IT!"

"Dude, chill, you'll hurt something," I cooed.

He slammed his one free arm onto the nurse button. "MORPHINE!" he
shouted into the speaker. Then he shook his IV stand at me. "You can't
hit NOTHIN'!" he yelled. Well, that was too much. Too much. I snapped.

"Oh YEAH?" I yelled, as my friends shot me withering glances. "Well ...
well ... BRING IT ON, CRIPPLE BOY!"

I won't go into details, but suffice it to say we had a car fulla
computer equipment. The nurses helped us drag it upstairs, and the whole
while Stewie the Frosh was staring at us, smiling a toothless grin and
talking smack. He could only use the keyboard after we duct-taped it to
the side of his bedframe. For a mouse, we strapped a Logitech Trackman
to his cast so that he could move the trackball with his big toe.

A thermometer was sticking out of his mouth as the match began. What
followed was the most intense scene of human agony I have ever
witnessed. With each rocket he shot, he howled in pain. With each death,
he shook and shuddered. I was ahead ... first by one frag ... then
another. My friends begged me to have mercy, as my opponent began to
quiver and gasp for air, but above all else I heard his voice ... "You
can't ... \*cough\* hit ... \*shudder\* NOTHIN'!" At one point, he
actually flatlined. Doctors were administering those electric
heart-shocker-things, keeping one eye on his EKG and the other on our
frag-count. ("You killed him!" my friends cried. "You saw I was winning
before he died, right?" I asked.) My nemesis managed to recover and came
to just before the match ended --

Yes. Stewie the Frosh had been defeated by ten points.

"Noo-ooo!" he gasped, coughing up chunks of warm spewtim while the
nurses tried to hold him down. They started shooting him with sedatives.
"You only beat me 'cuz I went through the roof of the library," he
choked. "And I have a world atlas shoved up my butt. You couldn't hit
nothin'."

I was infuriated... but the man had a point. He was in traction. There
was only one way to even the odds. I stood up and addressed the room in
a clear, reasoned tone. "Take me ... to the FRAT-A-PULT!"

"Wooo!" Stewie yelled, before lapsing into unconsciousness from internal
bleeding. Within half an hour I was sitting in the barber's chair at the
frat house, telling Stewie's drunken brothers to aim me at the library
and launch me full power.

Sadly, though, I'm quite a bit lighter than Stewie the Frosh. I overshot
the library, completely missed it. I must've flown a country mile -- I
didn't recognize the building I landed in until after I had crashed
through the skylight. I landed in a bed with clean white sheets. A
hospital bed. It broke my fall -- I got to my feet and was completely
unharmed. To my stunned horror I was standing in Stewie's very room.

"I knew it... You couldn't hit nothin'," he said.