---
blurb: >
  Hey, you want a beer?
color: false
date: '2001-06-06'
history:
- date: '2002-11-06 03:29:44'
  votes:
  - 58
  - 8
  - 24
  - 17
  - 27
  - 50
  - 120
  - 230
  - 298
  - 884
- date: '2002-11-06 03:31:44'
  votes:
  - 58
  - 8
  - 24
  - 17
  - 27
  - 50
  - 120
  - 230
  - 298
  - 884
- date: '2002-12-28 18:22:19'
  votes:
  - 58
  - 8
  - 24
  - 17
  - 27
  - 50
  - 121
  - 231
  - 299
  - 888
- date: '2002-12-28 18:59:26'
  votes:
  - 58
  - 8
  - 24
  - 17
  - 27
  - 50
  - 121
  - 231
  - 299
  - 888
- date: '2003-02-05 05:39:04'
  votes:
  - 58
  - 8
  - 24
  - 17
  - 27
  - 50
  - 122
  - 231
  - 300
  - 892
- date: '2003-04-08 20:03:43'
  votes:
  - 58
  - 8
  - 24
  - 17
  - 28
  - 52
  - 123
  - 231
  - 303
  - 896
- date: '2003-04-08 20:20:53'
  votes:
  - 58
  - 8
  - 24
  - 17
  - 28
  - 52
  - 123
  - 231
  - 303
  - 896
- date: '2003-07-07 11:44:45'
  votes:
  - 58
  - 8
  - 24
  - 17
  - 28
  - 53
  - 123
  - 231
  - 308
  - 903
- date: '2003-07-07 17:02:06'
  votes:
  - 58
  - 8
  - 24
  - 17
  - 28
  - 53
  - 123
  - 231
  - 308
  - 903
- date: '2003-08-02 23:06:30'
  votes:
  - 58
  - 8
  - 24
  - 17
  - 28
  - 53
  - 123
  - 232
  - 309
  - 908
- date: '2003-10-13 06:20:17'
  votes:
  - 58
  - 8
  - 24
  - 17
  - 28
  - 53
  - 123
  - 234
  - 311
  - 915
- date: '2003-12-16 21:35:05'
  votes:
  - 58
  - 8
  - 24
  - 17
  - 28
  - 53
  - 125
  - 234
  - 312
  - 919
- date: '2004-02-06 07:41:11'
  votes:
  - 58
  - 8
  - 24
  - 17
  - 28
  - 53
  - 125
  - 234
  - 312
  - 924
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 58
  - 8
  - 24
  - 17
  - 28
  - 53
  - 127
  - 235
  - 313
  - 940
id: 214
permalink: /214/oh-man-today-a-high-school-kid-is-going-to-shadow-me-for-career-day-so-i-have-to-pretend-to-work/
score: 8.58
title: Oh Man. Today a High School Kid Is Going to Shadow Me for 'Career Day,' So
  I Have to Pretend to Work
vicpic: victimpics/careerdaybig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/careerday.png
votes: 1826
---

Hi there! uh, what's your name again? Jim? Hi Jim, welcome to my
company, Domainicon.com. We provide domain name registration for
companies that are too stupid to do it themselves. What we do is buy the
domain for them, charge them twice as much, and through a loophole in
the contract we're allowed to charge them exorbitant relicensing fees
every year because technically we still own the actual domain name. I
see you just wrote "highway robbery" on your notes -- well, technically,
yes, but with the right language any sort of theft or criminal behavior
can look like a legitimate business model to investors.

Okay, now, stick with me and I'll show you what I do all day. First, I
uh ... walk over here and I'm going to get some coffee. I actually don't
drink it at my desk ... might miss some good gossip. \*slurp\* Mmmmn.
Good coffee. \*slurp\* yeeeess.

Oh, okay, next up I uh, come over here and I see if I got any faxes --
well, okay, truth be told the account rep who sits by the fax machine is
hot. I don't actually have a fax number. Now, then, next up ... more
coffee. Riiiight. Okay, so, to business, I uh, I sit down, and then ...
time to check my email.

Whoa, most of this email consists of unsolicited pictures of asian
schoolgirls, heh, how did that happen? Well, no matter, let's skip the
email for now, suffice it to say that I spend several hours each morning
studying them. Er, it. OKay. So. Where were we? Yes! Lunch.

When you're a powerful businessman like myself it's important to take
long, powerful business lunches, usually starting around 11 AM and
ending right before my 2 PM coffee break. Oooo...kay so uh -- yes, uh
...

OKAY OKAY I GIVE UP! I CAN'T DO THIS ANYMORE! It's all a charade. See,
my job is customer support for all of our clients, but once the .com
market crashed and burned it all went horribly wrong. All of the bean
counters at the companies we support came in to run clean-up and they
took one look at their bills and realized that they were paying upwards
of eight grand a year just to use their own domains. They used to call
me and make angry, angry noises. I couldn't take that kind of rejection,
it was terrible for my self esteem. So one night I secretly switched my
phone wires with Smitty, the technical guy down the hall. He has no idea
how these people got his number or why they keep yelling at him.
Yesterday he did nothing but sit at his desk and sob. Meanwhile I get
all of Smitty's calls, sometimes as many as two a week, usually from
relatives. I tell them that he died.

I play *Soldier of Fortune* and *Rogue Spear* all day long. All of my
supervisors have been laid off but I snuck into a shared network folder
and removed my name from the org chart, so they've forgotten they're
still paying me. But please, if you write something nice about me in
your school report, I'll let you play *Rogue Spear* all day. You'll be
just like a real Internet businessman!