---
blurb: >
  Hey, got any of that spicy mustard handy?
color: false
date: '2001-06-15'
history:
- date: '2002-10-28 23:54:03'
  votes:
  - 178
  - 24
  - 42
  - 31
  - 45
  - 92
  - 152
  - 301
  - 392
  - 1088
- date: '2002-10-28 23:55:44'
  votes:
  - 178
  - 24
  - 42
  - 31
  - 45
  - 92
  - 152
  - 301
  - 392
  - 1088
- date: '2002-12-20 00:22:25'
  votes:
  - 178
  - 24
  - 42
  - 31
  - 45
  - 93
  - 152
  - 305
  - 392
  - 1098
- date: '2002-12-20 00:27:36'
  votes:
  - 178
  - 24
  - 42
  - 31
  - 45
  - 93
  - 152
  - 305
  - 392
  - 1098
- date: '2003-02-05 03:35:15'
  votes:
  - 179
  - 24
  - 42
  - 31
  - 45
  - 93
  - 153
  - 306
  - 393
  - 1105
- date: '2003-02-05 03:40:54'
  votes:
  - 179
  - 24
  - 42
  - 31
  - 45
  - 93
  - 153
  - 306
  - 393
  - 1105
- date: '2003-04-07 01:13:35'
  votes:
  - 180
  - 24
  - 42
  - 31
  - 46
  - 94
  - 154
  - 308
  - 397
  - 1108
- date: '2003-07-20 02:19:57'
  votes:
  - 180
  - 24
  - 42
  - 31
  - 46
  - 95
  - 154
  - 309
  - 400
  - 1125
- date: '2003-07-20 06:04:28'
  votes:
  - 180
  - 24
  - 42
  - 31
  - 46
  - 95
  - 154
  - 309
  - 400
  - 1125
- date: '2003-10-12 19:45:42'
  votes:
  - 180
  - 25
  - 42
  - 31
  - 46
  - 95
  - 155
  - 311
  - 403
  - 1135
- date: '2003-12-11 08:55:00'
  votes:
  - 180
  - 25
  - 42
  - 31
  - 46
  - 95
  - 155
  - 312
  - 406
  - 1142
- date: '2004-02-07 04:34:05'
  votes:
  - 180
  - 25
  - 42
  - 31
  - 46
  - 95
  - 155
  - 312
  - 406
  - 1153
- date: '2004-02-07 04:34:56'
  votes:
  - 180
  - 25
  - 42
  - 31
  - 46
  - 95
  - 155
  - 312
  - 406
  - 1153
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 180
  - 25
  - 42
  - 31
  - 46
  - 95
  - 155
  - 315
  - 409
  - 1162
id: 222
permalink: /222/an-extremely-talented-individual--like-myself--can-eat-an-entire-hot-dog-during-the-loading-screen-of-an-ssx-map/
score: 8.13
title: An Extremely Talented Individual -- like Myself -- Can Eat an Entire Hot Dog
  During the Loading Screen of an SSX Map
vicpic: victimpics/hotdogbig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/hotdog.gif
votes: 2483
---

The Sophomores and Juniors from Hallway 3B didn't believe me. They bet
me a copy of *Red Faction* that it couldn't be done. My PS2 load-time
dog-snarfing abilities were to be put to a public test!

Once the chips were down, of course, we had to get into specifics. I
insisted that it had to be an all-beef frank, otherwise I wasn't gonna
have none of it. They got to pick the bun and the brand. I noticed they
tried to pull a "plump-when-ya-cook-em" fast one on me but I had already
taken that into consideration.

Afterwards we got together to determine which *SSX* level would be the
cincher. Things got pretty hot and heavy -- the Resident Advisor ended
up getting called in. Once he got wind of the side-bets he was forced to
call a hall meeting. Together the quorum voted 6-3 that the "Snow Dream"
level, being the standard *SSX* level of the standard size, would be the
level load of choice for the contest. I was happy with that, and began
immediately calculating the bites and swallows that the challenge would
require.

Would the hotdog be boiled or cooked on a grill? I wish I had made this
clear sooner, but it *definitely* had to be boiled. Couldn't slam down a
rough burnt grill-dog in a pinch, know what I'm saying? Too many
variables -- cooking time, grill temperature, etc. A hot dog can really
warp in those kinds of circumstances. This, unfortunately, created a lot
of consternation. A few people started backing out of bets that had
already been made. That's when the Building Supervisor was called in,
and pretty soon we had to have a all-dorm meeting in the cafeteria to
work out the final details. It was agreed that the dog in question would
be boiled for four minutes exactly and that the bun would be lightly
toasted. It took a white board and three different color markers to
piece it all together. The economics dudes whipped up a spreadsheet to
calculate the final odds for and against -- as well as side bets, like
choking or suffocation.

Spencer from Caflisch hall bet *his car*. Sure, it had a bum radiator,
but -- A CAR! A lot was riding on me and the dog. A couple late-night
calls offered me bribes to throw the between-level-dog-eat, but I'm a
man of principle. Besides, I always wanted *Red Faction*.

**The Moment of Truth**

The night of the challenge arrived. The dog was ready, fresh and
steaming. Ketchup and mustard were left to my discretion -- I loaded on
a little of each, then a pile of relish. The relish was an unexpected
bit of showboating that brought screams from the audience (we had to
erect stadium seating in the large 4B lounge), and I had to wait five
minutes for another round of betting (dribbling? spillage? etc.) By this
time even *I* was nervous.

We fired up the PS2, selected the Snow Dream level, and the judges
yelled "GO!" I slammed that dog down faster than the dot-com stock
market. I wouldn't exactly say the hot dog was eaten -- it was more like
the hot dog *disappeared.* People were rushing forward to see what
happened to it. The official timekeeper totally forgot to click his
stopwatch -- he, instead, became physically ill. I threw my arms
triumphantly in the air, swallowed, and the place just exploded with
screams and cheering. The loading screen was still going!

...and there was the problem. The loading screen stayed on there even as
people congratulated me. I dimly recall, just after the Gatorade was
dumped on me, that people began pointing and crying foul. The loading
screen ... it didn't go away. It loaded and loaded. A whole two minutes
and nothing had happened. By this time people had mobbed the front of
the room, and I was pinned in the corner, sweating. Slowly the Building
Supervisor opened the PS2 and withdrew the CD -- on the shiney blue
surface a huge scratch was clearly visable.

Dude, honestly, I don't know. I really, really, don't know. To me, it
seemed like it was a man-made scratch, but, I mean, I'm not pointing
fingers, I just don't know. All I can say for certain was that there was
no doubt about the consequences. People cried foul -- they rushed the
judges table. The cashbox spilled over. Someone knocked the lights out.
The fire alarm was pulled. Punches were thrown. Tom went through the
window -- I'm not sure if it was intentional or not, I'll have to ask
him when he gets out of the student health center.

I don't know how I got away. I remember that the couch had been wedged
in the door but I managed to crawl under it. There was broken glass
everywhere. The next morning I awoke to discover shaving cream and
toilet paper all over the dormatory walls, inside and out. The lounge
was roped off with yellow police tape and the Fire Marshall was hitting
up the Dean with huge fines.

They found Spencer's car suspended from a tree.

I didn't get my copy of *Red Faction*. But they let me keep the extra
hot dogs. And all the buns. You know, all told, it really wasn't a bad
deal.