---
blurb: >
  Now, if only I could do the same to my neighbor's VW....
color: false
date: '2001-07-13'
history:
- date: '2002-12-25 23:51:13'
  votes:
  - 65
  - 14
  - 22
  - 18
  - 30
  - 59
  - 118
  - 233
  - 247
  - 716
- date: '2003-08-06 02:30:56'
  votes:
  - 65
  - 14
  - 23
  - 18
  - 30
  - 59
  - 127
  - 236
  - 252
  - 729
- date: '2003-10-18 09:46:03'
  votes:
  - 65
  - 14
  - 23
  - 18
  - 30
  - 59
  - 127
  - 238
  - 254
  - 732
- date: '2003-12-15 11:09:45'
  votes:
  - 65
  - 14
  - 23
  - 18
  - 30
  - 59
  - 128
  - 239
  - 255
  - 734
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 65
  - 14
  - 23
  - 18
  - 30
  - 59
  - 128
  - 240
  - 258
  - 744
id: 246
permalink: /246/my-tribes-game-was-destroyed-by-an-errant-car-alarm/
score: 8.33
title: My Tribes Game Was Destroyed by an Errant Car Alarm
vicpic: victimpics/meepmeepbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/meepmeep.png
votes: 1599
---

I crouched next to my base's forward tower, zoomed in with my sniper
rifle, waiting, waiting ... He had our flag, but he was hurt, and he was
running from several of my biggest guys. I was just gonna peg him out of
the sky, like I had dozens of times before. And there he was, drifting
into my crosshairs, when

MEEP! MEEP! MEEP! MEEP!

Headlights were flashing in my window, and a car horn blared loud enough
to quiver the glass. It happens everytime my buttplug neighbor drives
his '74 volkswagen out of his driveway — he sets off car alarms up and
down the street. I flinched; my crosshair skittered up to the sky and my
shot went off into the stratosphere.

Worse, it was one of those car alarms that periodically shuts off.
Supposedly for my sanity. Merciful silence descended. I thought the
madness was over. Within a few moments I was guiding my Shrike in low
and fast for the best flag run of my life. Then: The Meeping.

MEEP! MEEP! MEEP! MEEP!

Oh God, I was rolling like sushi. I slammed into the side of the enemy
base so hard the camera clipped through the wall. "DAMN YOU!!" I cried,
leaping into the air, fists shaking. I stormed outside, furious, looking
for some sort of club or mallet. The beeping stopped, perhaps, to taunt
me. I walked forward and kicked the front bumper.

The car rolled backwards a few inches.

Could it be? Could ... could they possibly have left the parking brakes
off and the car out of gear? Well, that's not the kind of thing I would
take advantage of, I'm a pretty even tempered guy, I wouldn't —

MEEP! MEEP! MEEP! MEEP!

Fury boiled through my veins! I resisted the urge to toss a rock through
the winshield and, instead, rolled it back 50 feet until it was parked
in front of a fire hydrant.

Then I called the cops.