---
blurb: >
  So now they keep me locked on the sniper ledge. Hey, are you gonna use that grenade?
  Can I have a whiff? Just one?
color: true
date: '2001-07-14'
history:
- date: '2002-12-25 11:47:08'
  votes:
  - 64
  - 12
  - 12
  - 23
  - 34
  - 46
  - 90
  - 156
  - 202
  - 567
- date: '2002-12-25 11:54:00'
  votes:
  - 64
  - 12
  - 12
  - 23
  - 34
  - 46
  - 90
  - 156
  - 202
  - 567
- date: '2003-02-28 08:40:45'
  votes:
  - 64
  - 12
  - 12
  - 24
  - 34
  - 46
  - 91
  - 157
  - 202
  - 572
- date: '2003-04-08 01:11:15'
  votes:
  - 64
  - 12
  - 12
  - 24
  - 35
  - 46
  - 91
  - 159
  - 202
  - 573
- date: '2003-04-08 01:17:08'
  votes:
  - 64
  - 12
  - 12
  - 24
  - 35
  - 46
  - 91
  - 159
  - 202
  - 573
- date: '2003-08-06 02:24:48'
  votes:
  - 64
  - 12
  - 13
  - 24
  - 35
  - 46
  - 91
  - 163
  - 206
  - 577
- date: '2003-08-06 03:45:37'
  votes:
  - 64
  - 12
  - 13
  - 24
  - 35
  - 46
  - 91
  - 163
  - 206
  - 577
- date: '2003-10-12 19:57:02'
  votes:
  - 64
  - 12
  - 14
  - 24
  - 35
  - 46
  - 91
  - 165
  - 208
  - 578
- date: '2003-10-13 00:46:09'
  votes:
  - 64
  - 12
  - 14
  - 24
  - 35
  - 46
  - 91
  - 165
  - 208
  - 578
- date: '2004-02-10 21:15:22'
  votes:
  - 64
  - 12
  - 14
  - 24
  - 35
  - 46
  - 92
  - 165
  - 209
  - 583
- date: '2004-02-10 23:35:40'
  votes:
  - 64
  - 12
  - 14
  - 24
  - 35
  - 46
  - 92
  - 165
  - 209
  - 583
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 64
  - 12
  - 14
  - 24
  - 35
  - 46
  - 93
  - 166
  - 212
  - 592
id: 247
permalink: /247/my-clan-forced-me-into-the-grenade-clinic/
score: 8.23
title: My Clan Forced Me into the Grenade Clinic
vicpic: victimpics/colorgrenbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/colorgren.png
votes: 1274
---

Last week we spoke briefly about my [Crippling Addiction to TeamFortress
Halleucinogen Grenades](@/victim/237.md). Well, apparently I crossed
some kind of line, and they had an "intervention" in our resupply room.
They used that whole "you sold our flag to the enemy team to buy drug
money" argument, I mean geez, can't they just let that drop?

Turns out there's a clinic for videogame disorders off in some old
QuakeWorld server I never heard of. They told me I had to do the whole
28-day recovery program or they'd kick me out of our base for good.
(What I *didn't* tell them was that I was going to use the speed cheat
so that I'd be done in ten, heh.)

This place was a real nightmare, lemme tell you. Everyone met in a
shadowy corner next to a big flaming torch at the bottom of Quake 1 DM1.
It was run by some toothless freak who used to play Redneck Rampage all
the time just to get drunk. "You know in those parts ya drank yer
whiskey to get yer health back," he stammered in some sort of 'pep'
talk. "But I didn't know when ter quit. If it didn't have three X's on
'er side, it just wasn't drinkable. Sometimes I couldn't even tell what
map I wuz on, I was so messed up."

Then the guy next to me stood up and told his story. He would play Deus
Ex constantly, and instead of trying to save the world, he was hookoed
on the "Zyme" drug in the game. "I vaguely remember being in the New
York level," he said. "I was supposed to meet my brother Paul in his
apartment, at least, that's what the mission briefing said. But I found
a stash of Zyme in some hole in the subway and I was doped out for hours
with my screen all fuzzy. I just couldn't bring myself to care about
saving the world. When I got there the men in black had killed my
brother, and I remember thinking: *SCORE! They left his wallet!*"
Everyone was nodding and clapping for this spaz.

MAN, what the hell. I was WAY better off than these freaks. All I did
was steal our stupid flag, big deal. If I was gonna survive 28 days of
this, I was gonna need a monster hit of some halleucinogen goodness. I
snuck out the back door while they were going over the first rule of
recovery -- "Trust that somewhere, an admin is in control of the
server..." What a load of freakdom.

So there I was, on some weird Quakeworld server, trudging along,
desperate for a hit of the happy grenade. I found some dark room with
torches on the wall with some unusual decor -- a dead guy hanging from
the wall. Man, people who play QuakeWorld deathmatch? THEMS the freaks,
that's all I'm saying. But I was shocked to see, there in the flickering
shadows of a line of square stone pillars, a *grenade launcher*.

Now, I know better than that -- you can't just go popping any old
grenade you find, I mean, you don't know what could be *in* those
things. I could O.D. or something. But I just *had* to have my fix. So,
I pointed the launcher at the ceiling, let 'er rip, and prepared myself
for what I hopped would be a mean buzz. The metal canister with the
glowing red highlights glanced off the ceiling with a clang, then came
to rest at my feet. It said "H.E." on the side in black stencil letters.
I wasn't sure what that meant. A second later I was splattered all over
the walls, and a few moments after that I respawned back in my clan's
resupply room.

They were *pissed*.