---
blurb: >
  It helps as much as possible to work key catch-phrases into ordinary conversation.
  The other day, me and David Duchovny were having lunch and I said, "Chris Carter?
  Good director and all, but what a Llamacamp." Slickness.
color: false
date: '2000-10-20'
history:
- date: '2002-10-11 08:47:41'
  votes:
  - 120
  - 35
  - 54
  - 53
  - 58
  - 60
  - 81
  - 96
  - 55
  - 218
- date: '2002-10-11 08:52:34'
  votes:
  - 120
  - 35
  - 54
  - 53
  - 58
  - 60
  - 81
  - 96
  - 55
  - 218
- date: '2002-12-05 09:18:45'
  votes:
  - 120
  - 36
  - 55
  - 53
  - 58
  - 61
  - 81
  - 99
  - 61
  - 225
- date: '2002-12-05 09:27:17'
  votes:
  - 120
  - 36
  - 55
  - 53
  - 58
  - 61
  - 81
  - 99
  - 61
  - 225
- date: '2003-02-16 16:36:07'
  votes:
  - 120
  - 36
  - 55
  - 54
  - 61
  - 61
  - 81
  - 101
  - 63
  - 229
- date: '2003-02-16 16:36:18'
  votes:
  - 120
  - 36
  - 55
  - 54
  - 61
  - 61
  - 81
  - 101
  - 63
  - 229
- date: '2003-04-08 17:46:15'
  votes:
  - 121
  - 36
  - 55
  - 55
  - 61
  - 61
  - 81
  - 104
  - 64
  - 231
- date: '2003-08-03 12:24:42'
  votes:
  - 122
  - 36
  - 55
  - 56
  - 61
  - 61
  - 84
  - 107
  - 67
  - 246
- date: '2004-02-07 12:13:32'
  votes:
  - 125
  - 38
  - 58
  - 56
  - 61
  - 64
  - 85
  - 114
  - 72
  - 259
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 126
  - 38
  - 58
  - 57
  - 62
  - 66
  - 86
  - 116
  - 77
  - 270
id: 25
permalink: /25/the-marketing-of-new-catch-phrases-is-a-serious-difficult-business/
score: 6.37
title: The Marketing of New Catch Phrases Is a Serious, Difficult Business
vicpic: victimpics/catchphrasebig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/catchphrase.png
votes: 978
---

You may not know me, but you're familiar with my work. I've been the
United States Catch Phrase Emeritus for over a decade, the pinnacle of
my career being when I slipped the word "Schwing" into a conversation
with Mike Meyers — the rest is culture, baby.

Popular video games are the source of much of my inspiration. While my
two year campaign to get the word "pweened" into the nation's vocabulary
has bore little fruit, expect to see the word "ownage" used at least
once during coverage of the presidential debates. Such is my reach.

Recently I acquired the word "Marf" and decided it was essential to
bring it into widespread use.

My job, you understand, is made difficult due to being both blind and
bound to a wheelchair. As such, I pick my battles carefully. The Marf
situation was delicate and I felt that a targeted email to 15,000
members of the handpicked cultural elite was the way to go — people
specifically chosen by myself and my people as having the reach and
influence to get a good catchphrase off of the ground.

Unfortunately, being blind, I accidently made the CC: list public so
that everyone on the email cound see everyone else's email address. This
proved disasterous. I needn't discuss what the NRA did to Tipper Gore's
email account. Then all hell broke loose when Reverend Sharpton hit
"Reply to All." George Clooney retained his composure until Drew
Barrymore called him a slut. But the brunt of the damage was inflicted
on Sting.

See, in my business, Sting stalkers are king. They have a lot of pull
with their friends and they're likely to appear on TV at some point in
their life blurting out notable phrases as the cops escort them away. My
email, which was copied to both them and their favorite musical artist,
inadvertantly gave them access to the Stingster. The fallout was
devastating. After the assassination attempt, the government confiscated
my catch phrase equipment and helped me get into seclusion.

Federal agents didn't catch on that I was blind and wheelchair bound —
I told them I was lazy and senstive to bright lights. They hid me in a
basement of a chocolate factory in Detroit. I knew of no way to turn on
the TV, nor where in the shelter it was located — it was only on day
two that I discovered the remote while groping around limply on the
chocolate scented cement floor.

I turned on the TV just in time to hear the news report. Sting was out
of the hospital — he had survived. When asked to comment on the whims
of his assassin, or the terrible email that started it all, he was
helpless to answer. After a moment of stammering silence, before
millions of people, he could only say one thing .....

"Marf."

My work here was done.