---
blurb: >
  He's out there. Somewhere. Where the dark sky meets a shadowed earth, where not
  even moonlight can pierce the blackness, and nefariousity oozes from every shadowy
  hollow.


  Probably Gettysburg.
color: false
date: '2001-08-15'
history:
- date: '2002-10-25 19:35:18'
  votes:
  - 55
  - 15
  - 14
  - 22
  - 47
  - 54
  - 94
  - 193
  - 213
  - 745
- date: '2003-02-28 09:00:29'
  votes:
  - 55
  - 15
  - 14
  - 22
  - 47
  - 54
  - 98
  - 195
  - 219
  - 763
- date: '2003-04-09 11:08:12'
  votes:
  - 55
  - 15
  - 14
  - 22
  - 48
  - 54
  - 99
  - 196
  - 222
  - 767
- date: '2003-04-09 11:11:27'
  votes:
  - 55
  - 15
  - 14
  - 22
  - 48
  - 54
  - 99
  - 196
  - 222
  - 767
- date: '2003-06-25 15:41:08'
  votes:
  - 55
  - 16
  - 14
  - 22
  - 48
  - 54
  - 100
  - 198
  - 227
  - 778
- date: '2003-06-25 15:49:59'
  votes:
  - 55
  - 16
  - 14
  - 22
  - 48
  - 54
  - 100
  - 198
  - 227
  - 778
- date: '2003-08-05 17:43:11'
  votes:
  - 56
  - 16
  - 14
  - 22
  - 48
  - 54
  - 100
  - 200
  - 228
  - 787
- date: '2003-12-18 09:22:01'
  votes:
  - 58
  - 16
  - 14
  - 22
  - 48
  - 55
  - 102
  - 203
  - 229
  - 803
- date: '2004-02-06 14:52:58'
  votes:
  - 58
  - 16
  - 14
  - 22
  - 49
  - 55
  - 102
  - 203
  - 231
  - 808
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 58
  - 16
  - 14
  - 22
  - 49
  - 55
  - 102
  - 203
  - 234
  - 822
id: 274
permalink: /274/his-identity-remains-a-mystery-but-the-legend-has-only-begun/
score: 8.36
title: His Identity Remains a Mystery, but the Legend Has Only Begun
vicpic: victimpics/surgeonbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/surgeon.png
votes: 1610
---

Dear Readers;

This is Fargo speaking. I have decided to break format for a moment, if
you'll indulge me, and tell you about a real life Daily Victim. The
story you are about to hear is 100% true, and even today tugs at my
consciousness with a nagging curiousity that, I fear, will remain
forever unquenched.

It begins some time ago, when GameSpy acquired a truckload of dot-com
debris from another company (this inspired the infamous [Salmon Jerky
Victim](@/victim/175.md), by the way.) What we didn't use was donated
to local LAN parties as prizes or (I'm not making this up) given to
needy kids. Among the pile of stuff was a collection of games: I was
given the opportunity to horn in on it, so I picked a couple choice PC
titles for, uh, research purposes.

One of the games I picked up was *Sid Meier's Gettysburg*, as I've been
told that it is a wargaming classic. I was looking forward to leading my
troops into a decisive conflict on the muddy plains of that quiet
Pennsylvania town.

It took me a couple of weeks to get around to actually opening my new
score. I held it gleefully in my hands. Is there anything better than
the smell and feel of a brand new unopened video game? The weight of the
box, the feel of smooth cardboard, the tantalizing box copy? I opened
the lid, and the sticker gave way as though it had already been split,
but I didn't think anything of it because the contents were still
shrink-wrapped. I slowly worked the inner box from the outer box (we all
know [How I Feel About PC Game
Boxes](https://web.archive.org/web/20010815000000/http://www.planetquake.com/features/articles/editorials/gameboxes.shtml))
with the intense pleasure of a kid opening his Christmas presents. I
prepared to rip the plastic shrink wrap open, but first turned the inner
box around in my hands to see where the CD was nestled. I turned it over
and over. Something was awry... I realized that the CD was *gone*.

At first I thought it was an error at the packing plant, I mean, the
inner box was still shrink-wrapped and the manuals rattled around inside
the cardboard sleeve unmolested. But then I looked closer and -- to my
astonishment -- I saw a *very tiny* slit in the plastic wrap, perfectly
straight with measured precision, just large enough to slide a CD
through. The sticker that held the box shut was also, upon closer
inspection, similarly slit, with such care that it still appeared to be
in-tact when the box was closed.

Slowly it sank in. Someone, long before, had already ganked this CD! But
this was no [Clumsy Run-of-the-Mill Gankage](@/victim/75.md). What
blew me away was the *sheer surgical precision* of the transaction!
Someone, with delicious accuracy, intentionally removed the CD from its
home with the delicate hands of a surgeon performing a liver transplant.
Afterwards, the box was carefully closed up and replaced on the shelf
with nary a *fingerprint* on it. When had this happened? Did it happen
at GameSpy? Did it happen at the box's previous home? When, and why, did
the gank take place? Who would go through so much trouble, abandoning
the hefty game manuals in order to, with overtly anal precision, make
the CD disappear? For me this elusive gaming stranger will forever be
known as ... *The Surgeon.*

Sadly, I may never ever get to meet The Surgeon. Were *I* the
perpetrator of such an unimaginable crime, I'd want to keep my identity
completely secret. Nobody with such a talent would want the world to
know about their dawdlings in the dark art of precision stealth ganking.

This Daily Victim is dedicated to The Surgeon, wherever you are. Our
burning hatred of you is diminished by worshipful awe at your
accomplishments. We salute you.

Ass.