---
blurb: >
  It's a brave, brave new world!
color: false
date: '2001-08-28'
history:
- date: '2002-10-24 14:40:34'
  votes:
  - 102
  - 28
  - 34
  - 34
  - 57
  - 85
  - 133
  - 240
  - 213
  - 503
- date: '2002-12-23 06:50:20'
  votes:
  - 102
  - 28
  - 34
  - 34
  - 57
  - 85
  - 136
  - 241
  - 213
  - 508
- date: '2003-02-28 08:56:49'
  votes:
  - 103
  - 28
  - 35
  - 34
  - 57
  - 85
  - 138
  - 242
  - 214
  - 519
- date: '2003-04-07 19:19:28'
  votes:
  - 103
  - 28
  - 35
  - 34
  - 57
  - 85
  - 140
  - 242
  - 217
  - 526
- date: '2003-04-07 19:27:26'
  votes:
  - 103
  - 28
  - 35
  - 34
  - 57
  - 85
  - 140
  - 242
  - 217
  - 526
- date: '2003-10-18 08:27:26'
  votes:
  - 103
  - 30
  - 36
  - 36
  - 57
  - 85
  - 144
  - 245
  - 221
  - 535
- date: '2003-12-18 09:27:08'
  votes:
  - 103
  - 30
  - 36
  - 36
  - 58
  - 85
  - 144
  - 245
  - 221
  - 538
- date: '2003-12-18 09:32:11'
  votes:
  - 103
  - 30
  - 36
  - 36
  - 58
  - 85
  - 144
  - 245
  - 221
  - 538
- date: '2004-02-08 07:54:08'
  votes:
  - 103
  - 30
  - 36
  - 36
  - 58
  - 85
  - 145
  - 247
  - 222
  - 541
- date: '2004-02-08 07:58:12'
  votes:
  - 103
  - 30
  - 36
  - 36
  - 58
  - 85
  - 145
  - 247
  - 222
  - 541
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 103
  - 30
  - 36
  - 37
  - 58
  - 85
  - 145
  - 247
  - 223
  - 551
id: 285
permalink: /285/the-end-user-license-agreement-provided-no-protection-for-my-ovaries/
score: 7.61
title: The End User License Agreement Provided No Protection for My Ovaries
vicpic: victimpics/eulabig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/eula.gif
votes: 1540
---

Quite some time ago I [agreed to an end-user license
agreement](@/victim/63.md) in order to install a game that frightened
me. Well, the license agreement frightened me, that is -- the game
didn't frighten me a bit, which was a shame, since I paid good money for
it.

I wont quote [the whole thing](@/victim/63.md) again (my co-workers
always make fun of me for actually reading these things) but the part
that bothered me said: "*LICENSEE IS OBLIGED TO FORFEIT ANY OR ALL
REPRODUCTIVE MATERIAL UPON REQUEST OF LICENSOR AT THE LICENSOR'S
EXPENSE*." I'm not a lawyer, but I do have *some* experience with
binding contracts, and I was fairly certain that this clause entitled
them to collect my unfertilized eggs.

The game had long since been removed from my hard drive, but recently an
announcement came into my email. I can see why my office-mates always
bug me for entering my real information into the user fields! The email
told me that if I would be eligible for free upgrades and special
discounts and offers provided I filled out a software registration form
and stopped by a clinic to have my eggs harvested. Ordinarily I would
have deleted it, but you know, announcements of upcoming product
releases delivered straight to my inbox so that I could be the first to
know is a really tempting offer. I mulled it over for a few days and
then decided to mail them a polite decline.

A week later I got a call from one of their customer servicing
representatives. "Ms. Honeycut?" he asked, clearing his throat some. I
won't say what company he worked for, but they have a habit of releasing
Operating Systems. He continued: "Can I interest you again in
registering our product? I just need to ask you a few questions about
which products and services you use or would like to see at home or
office, and possibly stop by to conduct a throat culture. Also, we'd ask
that you \[and here he mumbled something and loudly shuffled papers
about so that all I could hear was "eggs"\] for which you'd be
reinbursed for any medical expenses, of course. In return you'll be an
exclusive platinum plus plus member with discounts on all future
products. Deal?"

I told him that my eggs were to remain in my ovaries where they
belonged, at least until they decided to venture forth on their own.

The Customer Servicing representative breathed tensely and then,
steeling his courage, he finally asked: "Okay, well, Ms. Honeycut, could
we interest you in breeding with another registered user?" He hushed my
protests before I could even get them out of my mouth. "Bear with me!
You see, my company is committed to the customer. But to fully provide
the features and services that YOU want, we need to collect information
about our users and their buying habits. You're one of the few people
who actively fill out user information and registration forms. Well,
let's not beat around the bush. What I'm trying to say, Ms. Honeycut, is
that my company is attempting to breed a 'master race' of users, a whole
new human species, if I'm permitted to say so. They are like you and I
in every way, Ms. Honeycut, except they are a race of people GENETICALLY
PROGRAMMED TO REGISTER SOFTWARE. Can you see it, Ms. Honeycut? Can you
see the dream as I do? Within two generations, a user base incapable of
NOT upgrading? Imagine the accelerated growth of human progress, not to
mention profit! Are you with me!?"

"This is ludicrous!" I scoffed. "There's no evidence that software
registration genes are carried from mother to son. Although ..." and
here, I paused, since in my career it's often wise to seize an
opportunity when it arises. "What's in it for me? Could a swing a
lifetime of free software upgrades?"

The other end of the phone line was still and silent, barring a strained
gulp. I heard his chair squeak. "A ... lifetime? of ... FREE upgrades?"
he asked.

"That's right."

I heard the man on the other end of the phone frantically start keying
numbers into his calculator. "Well ... that depends. Are you a smoker?"

"Yes."

"History of heart disease in your family?"

"Yes. And diabetes."

Through the phone I heard the clatter of keyboard keys and the scribbing
of a pencil on a pad of paper. "...DEAL!" he finally said.

I know what you're thinking. But c'mon ... free software upgrades! I'm
glad I registered.