---
blurb: >
  &nbsp;


  &nbsp;


  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; (choad)
color: false
date: '2000-10-27'
history:
- date: '2002-10-25 19:36:55'
  votes:
  - 104
  - 33
  - 38
  - 49
  - 66
  - 67
  - 99
  - 94
  - 60
  - 194
- date: '2002-10-25 19:38:16'
  votes:
  - 104
  - 33
  - 38
  - 49
  - 66
  - 67
  - 99
  - 94
  - 60
  - 194
- date: '2002-12-19 15:09:56'
  votes:
  - 104
  - 33
  - 41
  - 50
  - 66
  - 68
  - 100
  - 95
  - 62
  - 197
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 110
  - 35
  - 44
  - 54
  - 75
  - 76
  - 115
  - 102
  - 71
  - 235
id: 30
permalink: /30/faster-postit-note-kill-kill/
score: 6.3
title: Faster, Post-it Note! Kill! Kill!
vicpic: victimpics/postitbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/postit.png
votes: 948
---

Again a grammatical mockery of my staff email from the likes of Stuart
Kramden. Stuart! Who spends his whole day in chat rooms and his whole
night playing EverQuest. Stuart! And his continued mockery of my
fondness for Roller Coaster Tycoon. Stuart — STUUUART! From hell's
heart I stab at thee!

Stuart has two computer monitors whereas I only have one. Must I act
unaware of this budgetary mockery? He uses the second monitor not for
graphics design as alleged, but merely to keep his email client open all
the time. Thousands of dollars of company money, spent so that Stuart
can instantly retrieve his personals from Love@AOL.com. Count me not
among the fooled! STUUUART! For hate's sake I spit my last breath at
thee!

But before the afternoon staff meeting I will have Stuart squirming in
the palm of my hand. Already, stuck to his monitor, awaiting his
innocuous return from another of his hour and five-minute long lunches,
I have dropped what today's youth would call "Da Bomb." Yes! A Post-It
note of such malevolent brevity as to leave its reader smarting with
unanswerable fury and crushing embarassment! Faster, Post-It Note,
faster!

Imagine his indignation at discovering the word, "Choad" stuck
mercilessly on the monitor he so loves, in handwriting diabolically
concealed so as not to appear as mine. Faster, Post-It Note! Kill! Ha
ha! Stuart, you've met your match, my plebian co-worker! The deed is
done, irrevocable, as unstoppable as fate! Faster! Faster!

Faster, Post-It note!

Kill!

Kill!