---
blurb: >
  \*quiety stuff burger back into bag\* I'll take this back to the drive-through and
  tell them it was defective...
color: false
date: '2001-09-25'
history:
- date: '2002-12-25 11:37:21'
  votes:
  - 681
  - 88
  - 99
  - 89
  - 149
  - 119
  - 155
  - 153
  - 92
  - 519
- date: '2002-12-25 12:03:00'
  votes:
  - 681
  - 88
  - 99
  - 89
  - 149
  - 119
  - 155
  - 153
  - 92
  - 519
- date: '2003-04-21 23:45:12'
  votes:
  - 681
  - 88
  - 99
  - 89
  - 149
  - 120
  - 158
  - 154
  - 96
  - 522
- date: '2003-08-14 05:19:27'
  votes:
  - 681
  - 88
  - 99
  - 89
  - 149
  - 120
  - 159
  - 154
  - 98
  - 529
- date: '2003-08-14 05:39:11'
  votes:
  - 681
  - 88
  - 99
  - 89
  - 149
  - 120
  - 159
  - 154
  - 98
  - 529
- date: '2003-10-16 20:52:44'
  votes:
  - 681
  - 88
  - 99
  - 89
  - 149
  - 121
  - 160
  - 154
  - 98
  - 529
- date: '2003-10-16 20:54:10'
  votes:
  - 681
  - 88
  - 99
  - 89
  - 149
  - 121
  - 160
  - 154
  - 98
  - 529
- date: '2003-12-12 05:09:09'
  votes:
  - 681
  - 88
  - 99
  - 89
  - 149
  - 121
  - 160
  - 154
  - 98
  - 533
- date: '2004-02-06 10:35:33'
  votes:
  - 682
  - 89
  - 99
  - 89
  - 150
  - 122
  - 162
  - 158
  - 103
  - 549
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 686
  - 89
  - 99
  - 90
  - 150
  - 127
  - 164
  - 161
  - 109
  - 569
id: 301
permalink: /301/find-an-artist-hell-i-need-to-find-a-lawyer/
score: 5.28
title: Find an Artist? Hell, I Need to Find a Lawyer!
vicpic: victimpics/jobhuntbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/jobhunt.png
votes: 2300
---

Well, the Daily Victim Artist Search has officially wrapped up. It came
unexpectedly to an end this afternoon. I strolled into my cluttered
office, piled high with resumes and art samples, and cleared a space for
my hamburger and fries. I turned on my computer and the sound of my
email beeping was like a bell choir and went on for five minutes. I
silently wondered how I'd gotten roped into doing this.

Then, in walks Fargo, wearing a flowered shirt and carrying two
suitcases. "What up Freakshow?" he asked, slamming his butt into a chair
and putting his feet up on the desk (knocking to the floor a sorted pile
of applications as he did so).

"What are you doing?" I asked, eyeing the suitcases. "You're not fleeing
the country, are you?"

"Nonsense!" Fargo replied, waving his hand dismissively. "The time to do
so has long since passed and I blew it. Nope, I'm getting married. Then
I'm out of here for a couple weeks to sun myself on the warm sandy
tropical beaches of --" he paused to flip through a travel brochure "--
Iceland, it looks like."

"You're getting married?" I stammered.

"Why yes -- weren't you invited? Oh, of course not, I forgot how much I
dislike you. Well, anyways, I'm sure you don't need my help going over
the rest of the -- what is it? 3600 submissions? Wow, if that many
people had been submissive in real life I'd never have gotten married."

Anger rose to flush my cheeks. "What are you talking about? I can't
finish this off! Besides, who's going to write the feature while you're
gone?"

Again Fargo waved his hand, then grabbed my burger and started to eat
it. Dribbling lettuce down his chin, he mumbled through a full mouth:
"Mnnnph yes, yes, well, it's a good time to take a break, right?" he
swallowed, then grew exited as he spoke. "It's certainly not for want of
artistic talent, we've got tons of good people who wrote in. But, when
we change artists, *if* I keep the feature going, I want to go BIG!" And
with that, he made a sweeping gesture with his arms that dislodged my
hamburger and sent the meat patty sailing into my fishtank. "Aw crap,
will you look at that? You just wasted a perfectly good burger."

He could see I was upset.

"Chill dude," Fargo continued, wrapping the remains of my burger up
neatly in the wrapper. "In a couple of weeks, the Daily Victim might
come back better than ever. Who knows? Just keep going through those
artist portfolios and gimmie the best when I get back. Speaking of which
-- oh yah, I was supposed to be at the church an hour ago. And I still
gotta pick up one of those -- whatchacallit? 'Rings.' Hold the fort,
dude!"

With that, he put on a hat, grabbed his bags, and strolled out of the
room.

The hat was my hat.

*\[Fargo returns to GameSpy October 18th. Thanks for reading, and thank
you to all the artists who sent in applications! Contrary to the comedy
above, Fargo is actually going over each and every one. See you next
month!\]*