---
blurb: >
  Pardon me, the masseuse is arriving any moment.
color: true
date: '2002-03-02'
history:
- date: '2002-10-24 00:19:15'
  votes:
  - 178
  - 35
  - 37
  - 51
  - 60
  - 110
  - 166
  - 296
  - 247
  - 721
- date: '2002-10-24 00:25:34'
  votes:
  - 178
  - 35
  - 37
  - 51
  - 60
  - 110
  - 166
  - 296
  - 247
  - 721
- date: '2002-12-28 03:57:29'
  votes:
  - 178
  - 35
  - 37
  - 51
  - 60
  - 110
  - 166
  - 298
  - 251
  - 730
- date: '2002-12-28 04:04:43'
  votes:
  - 178
  - 35
  - 37
  - 51
  - 60
  - 110
  - 166
  - 298
  - 251
  - 730
- date: '2003-02-27 07:33:00'
  votes:
  - 179
  - 35
  - 37
  - 51
  - 61
  - 111
  - 168
  - 299
  - 252
  - 739
- date: '2003-04-09 15:52:23'
  votes:
  - 179
  - 35
  - 37
  - 51
  - 61
  - 112
  - 168
  - 300
  - 253
  - 746
- date: '2003-06-28 00:23:22'
  votes:
  - 179
  - 35
  - 37
  - 51
  - 61
  - 112
  - 169
  - 303
  - 253
  - 758
- date: '2004-02-07 04:56:43'
  votes:
  - 179
  - 35
  - 37
  - 52
  - 61
  - 114
  - 170
  - 306
  - 259
  - 778
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 181
  - 35
  - 37
  - 52
  - 61
  - 114
  - 172
  - 307
  - 260
  - 797
id: 305
permalink: /305/the-secret-to-my-artistic-success-lies-not-from-being-the-man-but-in-pretending-that-im-being-the-man/
score: 7.62
title: The Secret to My Artistic Success Lies Not from Being the Man, but in Pretending
  That I'm Being the Man
vicpic: victimpics/colorhotsoupbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/colorhotsoup.png
votes: 2038
---

It's me, Lemuel "HotSoup" Pew. Since the new Daily Victim debuted
yesterday, many of you have written to ask me how I, with questionable
artistic talent and less than a third grade reading level, achieved this
notable webcomic honor. Now that I'm safely ensconced in my new
position, enjoying the hookers and limos that come with it, I think it's
safe to step out and admit the secret to my success. That's right.
*Pretend you're the shit*. Yes, I'm like the Derek Smart of art. And you
can be, too!

For instance: Presentation. I'm not just "HotSoup." I like to refer to
myself as "The Internet's HotSoup." Kinda like "TV's Tony Danza." Oh,
that's another thing: refer to yourself in the third person, to give
yourself a weighty edge. "Holy Crap!" I'll shout in crowded public
places, "The Internet's HotSoup loves this baconburger!" It gives people
an inflated sense of your importance.

Next item: Art. Now you take the great masters for instance. Rembrandt.
Cezanne. Renoir. Yes. I am none of those people. And yet, I list them on
my resume as personal references, to reinforce the perception of my own
feeble abilities. This has several advantages, many of them based on the
fact that the great masters are all dead. I, on the other hand, am not.
This increases my likelihood of getting paying work.

The key to developing your artistic success is to talk as often as
possible about what your art *could* be, rather than what it is. "Sure,
I too could draw the war stricken fields of a long forgotten battle in
the lands of Pellenor, but I prefer the simple humility of painting
funny shapes onto the surface of this lawn gnome. He is the true
derivative work."

Also, I like to talk about the use of light and color. This is because,
no matter what you're looking at, light and color are involved. Try it
sometime. Point to anything, even a Popeye's Chicken menu. Say to your
friends, "I like the use of light and color here." They're forced to
either agree or disagree, otherwise they look like art idiots. Either
way, the implication is that *you* know what you're talking about.

Another tip: Sell your own works on eBay, then buy them under a
pseudonym for exorbitant prices. Then sell more of your stuff and say
"similar works from this artist have sold for as much as $8000!" I
usually do this on the same weekends that I set up a card table outside
of a comics store and randomly autograph peoples' stuff.

Finally, never worry about drawing something wrong. If your art is
questioned — like why your figures might lack hands or have circles for
heads — simply say that it's your 'style.' People can't dispute that
it's how you draw. You've already elevated yourself into your niche.
Sometimes I just don't draw a face, or merely draw a nose with legs, and
claim it's my vision. Check this: if you make a huge mistake, call it a
breakthrough. "Look at how I totally smudged up that guys eyes!" you can
say. "THE INTERNET'S HOT SOUP LIKES THE USE OF LIGHT AND COLOR AND
INCOMPREHENSIBLE SMUDGING!" Then ICQ all your friends.

Before long, you'll find that you, too, are a major artist at an
industry-leading gaming site. And, like waking up next to a stranger in
her panties reeking of bourbon, you'll have no idea how you got there
and if you enjoyed it. Congratulations on your art career — cheers!