---
blurb: >
  I will now answer questions from the audience by putting on this protective headgear
  and tackling anyone who raises their hand. Afterwards, you may throw "Gatorade"
  on me.
color: false
date: '2002-03-21'
history:
- date: '2002-11-06 03:39:10'
  votes:
  - 169
  - 38
  - 67
  - 77
  - 96
  - 105
  - 128
  - 123
  - 75
  - 130
- date: '2002-11-06 03:45:30'
  votes:
  - 169
  - 38
  - 67
  - 77
  - 96
  - 105
  - 128
  - 123
  - 75
  - 130
- date: '2003-01-03 02:52:13'
  votes:
  - 169
  - 38
  - 67
  - 77
  - 96
  - 106
  - 128
  - 123
  - 75
  - 134
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 169
  - 39
  - 70
  - 77
  - 98
  - 109
  - 130
  - 132
  - 79
  - 146
id: 321
permalink: /321/youre-just-not-playing-xbox-football-unless-theyre-bringing-out-the-chains/
score: 5.67
title: You're just not playing Xbox football unless they're bringing out the chains
vicpic: victimpics/mar02/footballchainsbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/mar02/footballchains.png
votes: 1067
---

Hello everyone, welcome to the [2002 Game Developers
Conference](https://web.archive.org/web/20020321000000/http://www.gamespy.com/gdc2002)
in beautiful San Jose, California! I hope you all had a pleasant flight
and that you find the convention center food delicious. Yes? No? Right,
well, with the many events going on this year I'm pleased that you
decided to attend my seminar featuring a post-mortem about *NFL Fever
2002* for the Xbox. As Producer for this title, I spent *many* hours
working with the team to ensure that gameplay maintained the *feel* of
an NFL game, but the *fun* of video games. That's a tough balancing act!
So let's talk a little about the lessons I've learned.

Basically, ladies and gentlemen, it comes down to this. It just ain't
football unless someone's bringin' out the chains.

That brainstorm hit me early in the process. I decided that I'd do a
little field research into the game of American Football and I
discovered that football "games" are actually broadcast on television,
often every week. I watched one of these events, all the way to the end.
You know what I saw? Chains! Men called "referees" brought out "chains,"
as you can see in this diagram. I was like, "BINGO!" That's it. That's
what we need. That's how you revolutionize the sport. That's how you
make it feel real. *You bring out the chains.*

At first there was some reluctance on the team, you know, spending the
time to code in the graphics and getting the right voiceovers. But I
persevered. I insisted that we need chains.

Originally, I wanted chains on every play. I wanted continuous non-stop
chain action. I thrilled with delight every time I heard the announcers
say, "The officials are bringing out the chains." "THE CHAINS!" I
wailed. "THE CHAINS!"

But, with any creative process, there's some give and take. The coders
insisted that it didn't make sense for the referees to bring out the
measuring chains on any play that ended behind the line of scrimmage. "I
don't want to hear any more technical 3D-processing mumbo-jumbo!" I told
them. "I want to hear the clink and rattle of MORE CHAINS!"

Finally we reached a compromise. And if you play *NFL Fever* today, you
can see the fruits of my labor. Chains, beautiful chains, twinkling in
the morning sunlight, on just about every other play. You can be a yard
or more away from a first down, and you'll still get the chains. NOW
you're playing FOOTBALL!