---
blurb: >
  Also, has anyone seen my neck brace?
color: false
date: '2002-03-22'
history:
- date: '2002-11-18 08:10:14'
  votes:
  - 135
  - 30
  - 35
  - 42
  - 67
  - 115
  - 186
  - 256
  - 191
  - 310
- date: '2002-11-18 08:12:39'
  votes:
  - 135
  - 30
  - 35
  - 42
  - 67
  - 115
  - 186
  - 256
  - 191
  - 310
- date: '2002-12-31 17:28:14'
  votes:
  - 135
  - 30
  - 35
  - 42
  - 68
  - 115
  - 186
  - 257
  - 192
  - 314
- date: '2003-02-04 18:28:29'
  votes:
  - 135
  - 30
  - 35
  - 42
  - 69
  - 115
  - 186
  - 257
  - 192
  - 316
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 136
  - 31
  - 36
  - 43
  - 71
  - 117
  - 192
  - 269
  - 198
  - 342
id: 322
permalink: /322/the-secret-to-good-game-design-is-nothing-less-than-soft-sensual-kneelength-hair/
score: 7.01
title: The secret to good game design is nothing less than soft, sensual, knee-length
  hair
vicpic: victimpics/mar02/hairbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/mar02/hair.png
votes: 1460
---

Hello ladies and gentlemen, it's late in the day so I'd like to thank
you all for sticking around to attend my presentation here at the [2002
Game Developers
Conference](http://web.archive.org/web/20020322000000/http://www.gamespy.com/gdc2002).
There's been a lot of talk at the convention so far about "tools" or
"technology," but I'd like to hone in on what really makes the game
development process click on all levels. I'm speaking, of course, of
*the 'doo*.

I'll let you pass around a lock of my hair, recovered under dubious
circumstances that I'll get to in a moment. Notice how soft and silky it
feels. Note the texture -- sweet, isn't it? Some developers prefer
frizz, others like the 'fro, but let's face it: hair is the source of
our power. It needs to be permed, fluffed, and generally babied. An hour
a day in hair care will probably save you hundreds of man hours
debugging -- I know this from experience.

Look at my hair! It's creamy, like pudding. See the silky shine as the
lights dance upon it, like fireflies upon the water? It cascades to my
knees like a dark waterfall. Let me tell you. It's like wearing
chocolate on your head.

With hair like this, it's impossible to make a bad game. But remember:
this can also be a liability. Allow me to tell you a story. I was
embroiled deep in the creation of my latest game, Brutal Empires III
\[pause for applause\]. After a marathon debug session with the graphics
guys we all headed out to the bar to cool off. It was about one AM. And
there she was! Tight pink mini-tee, frayed jeans, big studded belt. This
girl had "trouble" written all over her -- no, I mean, literally, it was
tattooed on the small of her back. I was in love.

So one thing led to another. You know how the courtship ritual goes ...
beers ... *Monty Python and the Holy Grail* ... swap paperbacks ...
Argue about *Dr. Who* ... then the sex. So there I was, sleeping
quietly, totally unsuspecting. Suddenly, SNIP! The horrifying metallic
scrape of scissors closing around my luscious topside! Like a ninja I
rolled to my feet and prepared to unleash the Foot of Fury (tm). And
there she was! On her knees on the bed, scissors in hand, a lock of my
beautiful hair fluttering about her like smoke from a gun.

Then I got a good look at her knee-length nightshirt, and I saw the
Eidos logo across her right breast. I should've known! Those dirty
bastards had sent a saboteur. And to think I had loaned her my copy of
*Return of the King!* If you ever find yourself in this situation,
folks, I recommend snapping her bra. She won't see it comin', and word
on the street says it stings like a mofo.

Thanks to the loss of that lock, we fell weeks behind in development of
our multiplayer code. But the damage was minimal... nothing that my
stylist couldn't fix. I can see I'm almost out of time. I hope this was
informative ... now, who has that lock of hair that we were passing
around? Anyone? Oh ... come on guys, own up. Who's got my hair? Son of a
bitch ... I'm gonna have to start braining people with this microphone
stand...