---
blurb: >
  Now ... what to do with all these panties?
color: true
date: '2002-03-30'
history:
- date: '2002-10-31 06:29:50'
  votes:
  - 68
  - 12
  - 16
  - 31
  - 39
  - 65
  - 130
  - 240
  - 310
  - 853
- date: '2002-12-23 04:11:48'
  votes:
  - 68
  - 12
  - 16
  - 31
  - 39
  - 67
  - 131
  - 245
  - 313
  - 866
- date: '2002-12-23 04:17:00'
  votes:
  - 68
  - 12
  - 16
  - 31
  - 39
  - 67
  - 131
  - 245
  - 313
  - 866
- date: '2003-02-04 17:24:18'
  votes:
  - 68
  - 12
  - 16
  - 32
  - 39
  - 67
  - 131
  - 246
  - 315
  - 887
- date: '2003-04-09 10:15:11'
  votes:
  - 68
  - 13
  - 16
  - 32
  - 40
  - 68
  - 131
  - 251
  - 317
  - 900
- date: '2003-04-09 10:40:41'
  votes:
  - 68
  - 13
  - 16
  - 32
  - 40
  - 68
  - 131
  - 251
  - 317
  - 900
- date: '2003-07-27 20:22:06'
  votes:
  - 68
  - 13
  - 16
  - 32
  - 40
  - 69
  - 133
  - 254
  - 321
  - 922
- date: '2003-07-27 22:59:23'
  votes:
  - 68
  - 13
  - 16
  - 32
  - 40
  - 69
  - 133
  - 254
  - 321
  - 922
- date: '2003-08-14 06:55:15'
  votes:
  - 68
  - 13
  - 16
  - 32
  - 40
  - 69
  - 133
  - 254
  - 321
  - 923
- date: '2003-10-09 20:29:38'
  votes:
  - 68
  - 13
  - 16
  - 32
  - 40
  - 69
  - 133
  - 256
  - 322
  - 933
- date: '2003-12-11 22:27:53'
  votes:
  - 69
  - 13
  - 16
  - 32
  - 40
  - 69
  - 133
  - 260
  - 324
  - 945
- date: '2004-02-29 00:40:56'
  votes:
  - 69
  - 13
  - 16
  - 32
  - 40
  - 69
  - 133
  - 263
  - 329
  - 964
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 69
  - 13
  - 16
  - 32
  - 40
  - 69
  - 134
  - 265
  - 330
  - 970
id: 329
permalink: /329/great-care-must-be-taken-when-removing-a-ps2-controller-from-ones-privates/
score: 8.46
title: Great care must be taken when removing a PS2 controller from one’s privates
vicpic: victimpics/mar02/colorobgynbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/mar02/colorobgyn.png
votes: 1963
---

Having been hospitalized after that [grievous *Virtua Fighter* encounter
with Ivan the Terrible](@/victim/319.md), life got extremely
frustrating. For one thing, it took about an hour to go to the toilet.
For another, I kept having nightmares about force feedback. Even worse,
the IV tube was connected to the back of my hand and ached whenever I
played *Virtua Fighter 4*. But by far the most horribly frustrating side
effect of that painful PS2 controller removal was the fact that I was
here, stuck in a hospital, while this sophomore named Ken was going
around campus bragging about his *Virtua Fighter 4* domination.

Apparently, Ken managed to hook up with some Koreans and scored some
[fancy new PS2 fighting game controller](@/victim/328.md). He was
kicking butt up and down campus, and I was stuck here in the hospital,
unable to defend my reputation. No surprise that he wasn’t returning my
calls.

Finally we managed to set up a match, but only ‘cuz I made a wager he
couldn’t refuse. If he won, I’d turn over my *VF4* CD and retire from
the game. It took him a while to come up with a suitable
counter-proposal; somehow he ended up wagering a crate full of
panties(?). No matter. What I was after was pride.

The day of the big match came and he met me in my hospital room. By this
time even the doctors and nurses were in on it — they piped
closed-circuit video of the match to the nursing stations so that
everyone could watch, even a hundred or so spectators from campus. It
was to be the fight of the month.

Imagine how stunned I was to find out that Ken’s top-secret Korean
weapon was none other than a *fishing controller*. I figured I’d wipe
the floor with this guy. But you know what? He had moves. Yeah, I give a
man props when props are due. He had it down to a science, and the
fishing rod prompted him to use an unorthodox fighting style that was
hard to defend against. His whole body was into it.

Actually, that’s the problem. He would flick the controller up in the
air to trigger off an uppercut, or flick it to the side to sidestep. It
was the last round of the match, and I was winning, but I tried to pull
my "dances with punches" move and he saw it coming. He intended to step
quickly to the side and uppercut me. But what he did was fling the
controller over, then in one swift motion he knocked over my IV stand.
As it clattered to the ground, it yanked my IV cord out of my hand,
spattering blood and searing me with pain. My controller flew from my
hands and I howled out in agony.

Well, from there, it wasn’t about the action on the screen anymore. I
wanted to apply a BEATING. I grabbed that stupid fishing controller from
Ken and threatened to shove it up in a bad place, but several doctors
restrained me and held me in the corner, panting. "You can’t shove that
fishing controller up his wazoo!" they said. "It hasn’t been
sterilized."

"Actually..." Ken said, "Actually, yes. Yes it has."

"Oh," said the Doctors.

So they let me go.