---
blurb: >
  I'm thinking of quitting smoking. Dirty habit. You know, it's the second-hand smoke
  that kills.
color: false
date: '2002-04-02'
history:
- date: '2002-10-11 07:53:57'
  votes:
  - 131
  - 14
  - 21
  - 36
  - 46
  - 94
  - 193
  - 426
  - 724
  - 3904
- date: '2002-10-11 09:06:25'
  votes:
  - 131
  - 14
  - 21
  - 36
  - 46
  - 94
  - 193
  - 426
  - 724
  - 3904
- date: '2002-12-22 16:23:25'
  votes:
  - 145
  - 14
  - 21
  - 37
  - 48
  - 96
  - 197
  - 432
  - 744
  - 4076
- date: '2002-12-22 17:01:35'
  votes:
  - 145
  - 14
  - 21
  - 37
  - 48
  - 96
  - 197
  - 432
  - 744
  - 4076
- date: '2003-02-03 23:39:06'
  votes:
  - 146
  - 17
  - 22
  - 37
  - 48
  - 97
  - 200
  - 441
  - 765
  - 4256
- date: '2003-02-04 00:04:01'
  votes:
  - 146
  - 17
  - 22
  - 37
  - 48
  - 97
  - 200
  - 441
  - 765
  - 4256
- date: '2003-04-21 15:21:20'
  votes:
  - 150
  - 19
  - 22
  - 37
  - 49
  - 100
  - 202
  - 447
  - 782
  - 4438
- date: '2003-04-21 15:33:16'
  votes:
  - 150
  - 19
  - 22
  - 37
  - 49
  - 100
  - 202
  - 447
  - 782
  - 4438
- date: '2003-06-09 20:22:28'
  votes:
  - 153
  - 19
  - 22
  - 39
  - 50
  - 100
  - 204
  - 457
  - 799
  - 4567
- date: '2003-08-05 18:53:39'
  votes:
  - 155
  - 19
  - 22
  - 39
  - 50
  - 101
  - 206
  - 464
  - 804
  - 4662
- date: '2003-10-04 23:56:50'
  votes:
  - 159
  - 19
  - 22
  - 40
  - 51
  - 101
  - 208
  - 477
  - 819
  - 4765
- date: '2003-10-04 23:59:19'
  votes:
  - 159
  - 19
  - 22
  - 40
  - 51
  - 101
  - 208
  - 477
  - 819
  - 4765
- date: '2003-12-09 20:57:02'
  votes:
  - 165
  - 19
  - 22
  - 40
  - 52
  - 102
  - 208
  - 487
  - 830
  - 4891
- date: '2003-12-10 18:59:00'
  votes:
  - 165
  - 19
  - 22
  - 40
  - 52
  - 102
  - 208
  - 487
  - 830
  - 4894
- date: '2004-02-28 04:21:03'
  votes:
  - 167
  - 19
  - 22
  - 40
  - 52
  - 105
  - 211
  - 497
  - 845
  - 5007
- date: '2004-02-28 04:24:30'
  votes:
  - 167
  - 19
  - 22
  - 40
  - 52
  - 105
  - 211
  - 497
  - 845
  - 5007
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 168
  - 19
  - 22
  - 40
  - 52
  - 107
  - 215
  - 505
  - 861
  - 5117
id: 331
permalink: /331/when-i-forgot-my-access-card-this-morning-i-was-forced-to-go-metal-gear-solid-freestyle-at-the-office/
score: 9.21
title: When I forgot my access card this morning, I was forced to go Metal Gear Solid
  freestyle at the office
vicpic: victimpics/apr02/mgsfreestylebig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/apr02/mgsfreestyle.gif
votes: 7144
---

I guess it started three weeks ago. That was when the company started
automatically locking the doors during business hours, unaware they had
sealed the fate of an employee. You could get in if you had your company
keycard with you. But the thing is -- for chronic smokers like myself --
I mean, it was tough to remember to bring your card outside. It was
embarrassing to be stuck outside your own building, sometimes in the
snow. You’d have to knock on the glass.

The worst was when Hot Janet opened the door for you. Uh, yeah, that’s
her nickname: Hot Janet. You know, the girl from Accounting with the
long hair and the tight sweaters? Hot Janet wasn’t too happy about being
forced away from her spreadsheets to open the doors for losers like
Crenshaw or me. She’d stomp downstairs and stride angrily to the doors.
Before opening them, she’d scowl through the glass. Then she’d curl her
lip up at the sight of your cigarette butt. Finally she’d let you in,
but not until threatening to tell Human Resources on you *again*. They
actually sent out a staff email about it. "Don’t forget your keycards
blah blah disruption to the other employees blah blah deduction from pay
blah blah."

So Crenshaw and I had a system down, you know? One of us was always
getting locked out. So we’d call each other on our cell phones in order
to get back in. "\*click\* Dude -- stuck outside again! \*click\*"
Worked like a charm until Hot Janet ratted us both out and reported us
as slackers. What *was* her deal, anyways? So, with Janet watching the
doors like a hawk and Human Resources up our butt, Crenshaw and I came
up with a plan.

See, we bet an Xbox on who would get stuck outside first. The loser
would have to buy the winner an Xbox. Hey, we both wanted one, but
neither wanted to shell out the three hundred bucks. Suddenly, we had
every reason in the world to remember that keycard! Worked like a charm.
For the first week, at least. Sometimes we’d even run into each other
out there, flash our keycards to one another, smiling. Pretty good
incentive, you know?

I tell you this only because you have to understand my motivations this
morning. This morning, when I stepped outside, pulled out my pack of
cigarettes, and I heard that awful click as the door closed behind me. I
froze mid-motion, my lighter flame flickering in the wind. Yes. Yes, I’d
forgotten my keycard.

With my first puff, both the adrenaline and the nicotine kicked in. I
squinted my eyes, peering back and forth in the early spring breeze.
It’s times like this that a man asks himself: "What would Solid Snake
do?" The answer, of course, was to get back into my office building,
unseen by either Hot Janet *or* Crenshaw. I steadied my nerves as the
butt burned down, casually glancing at all the windows. Oh yes. It was
time to go Metal Gear Solid Freestyle.

I casually paced toward the ash can, tossed the butt, then dove into the
shrubbery before the smoking remnants even hit the bucket. Nestled in
the underbrush I fastened my business tie around my forehead to catch
the beads of sweat. There was no turning back.

I shimmied up a sapling near the Southwest corner of the building. The
first floor windows were sealed and alarmed, but I knew that the
inventory management guys keep the second floor storage room window open
a crack ‘cuz it gets so hot in there. Swaying in the breeze I tilted the
window open just enough to allow me to slip through, then slithered
inside. I hit the floor with a minimal thud. The storage room was dim
and filled with cardboard boxes. I was in! But not yet safe.

I had to get down to this IS department on the first floor without
arousing suspicion, and that required avoiding the nosy marketing
department entirely. Two choices: I could try squirming through the
floor vents, but the main duct would outlet right next to Hot Janet’s
feet, and I didn’t want to risk it. No, I opted for plan B. I crept to
the door, peeked out, did a cartwheel across the hallway, then climbed
up a filing cabinet in the reference library so that I could slip unseen
into the ceiling crawlspace above. Silently I sealed the tile shut
underneath me. So far so good. Nobody showed up with giant exclamation
points over their heads.

The crawlspace was tight and dusty, crisscrossed with network cables. I
shimmied my way along, swift and silent. But my plan started falling
apart. For one thing, the way ahead was inexplicably barred by a
[complex network of hamster tubing.](@/victim/123.md) Then I
discovered a steel I-beam that barred my passage into the back
stairwell. Things were looking real bad, and I considered turning back,
when suddenly I felt the tiles underneath me give way. Unable to grab
hold of anything to save me, I plummeted from the ceiling and landed
painfully on the floor below.

Two feet in front of Hot Janet’s desk.

She had been preoccupied with something under her chair. Then she looked
up, in abject terror. Her eyes flicked like white marbles. I was about
to try to excuse myself, but I guess the shock of seeing me fall from
the sky was too much. She grabbed her chest. Her eyes rolled back into
her head. Then her face hit the desk like a sack of potatoes. Quaking, I
reached out and gently probed her neck for a pulse. Nothing. *I’d
frightened Hot Janet to death.*

My own terror was drowned out in the instinct of self-preservation. What
would Solid Snake do? Well, for one thing, he’d hide her body in a
locker. That didn’t seem to be an option. But, a quick glance around
told me that nobody had seen what had happened. I decided that the best
thing to do was prop up her body and then slip away unseen, Metal Gear
Solid Freestyle. By the time anyone realized what had happened, with
this dead girl and a hole in the roof, I’d be back at my desk pretending
I was surfing dirty websites all along. Time was of the essence!

But as I moved in to arrange the body, something froze me in my tracks.
He was hunched in the open grate right at Janet’s feet, reaching up to
arrange the body just as I was. It was Crenshaw. He was covered with
leaves and had his tie wrapped around his head.

His eyes met mine, and no words were necessary. We didn’t make a sound
-- everything was said with our eyes and our eyes alone. We just propped
up the body and slipped quietly off in our separate ways, me through the
fire staircase, and him under a cardboard box.

At lunch I figured I’d buy him an Xbox, you know, just to make sure our
whole deal was absolutely clear. I slipped it onto his chair when he
wasn’t nearby. But when I got back to my cubicle, I saw that *another*
Xbox had appeared just as mysteriously on my desk, as well. I don’t
really care to comment on that. But suffice it to say, neither of us are
likely to forget our access cards again anytime soon.