---
blurb: >
  Well, screw them. Tonight I'm buying $3600 worth of Pokemon cards.
color: false
date: '2002-04-09'
history:
- date: '2002-11-16 20:17:38'
  votes:
  - 77
  - 20
  - 23
  - 26
  - 42
  - 79
  - 124
  - 245
  - 363
  - 1138
- date: '2002-12-28 04:09:15'
  votes:
  - 77
  - 20
  - 23
  - 26
  - 42
  - 79
  - 124
  - 245
  - 365
  - 1149
- date: '2003-02-04 21:04:43'
  votes:
  - 77
  - 20
  - 24
  - 26
  - 42
  - 79
  - 124
  - 245
  - 365
  - 1157
- date: '2003-04-08 21:19:12'
  votes:
  - 79
  - 20
  - 24
  - 26
  - 42
  - 79
  - 124
  - 245
  - 367
  - 1169
- date: '2003-04-08 21:35:09'
  votes:
  - 79
  - 20
  - 24
  - 26
  - 42
  - 79
  - 124
  - 245
  - 367
  - 1169
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 79
  - 20
  - 24
  - 26
  - 42
  - 80
  - 126
  - 256
  - 374
  - 1231
id: 337
permalink: /337/shut-up-you-guys-if-there-was-a-band-camp-video-game-id-own/
score: 8.59
title: Shut up you guys. If there was a "band camp" video game, I'd OWN.
vicpic: victimpics/apr02/tubakidbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/apr02/tubakid.png
votes: 2280
---

Sure, the kids from the band trip picked on me, but I think I came out
ahead at the end. While the other kids were partying it up for Spring
Break, me and the rest of the Seneca Valley Jr. High School marching
band were piling into the bus for a week of band performances in
Washington, DC. Most kids thought it was an excuse to party it up
without their parents, but I saw it as a good way to bone up on my
*Pokemon* game.

Lemme tell you, it's a jungle on the back of that bus. I was afraid to
fall asleep 'cuz that leaves you open for the wedgies and the shaving.
Everyone kept pickin' on me and sayin' I was a dork 'cuz all I could do
was play *Pokemon*. And I said, nunh-unh. I'm a *musician*, meaning I
will be dripping with babes and money by the time I was 23, at which
point I would also date Courtney Love. Nobody believed me. They said
tuba players can't make any money. I told 'em I'd prove them all wrong.

So, when the bus dropped everyone off at the Smithsonian, I snuck around
the back of the museum and started to play my tuba on the street for
cash. I was in the middle of my stirring rendition of "M1-A1" from the
Gorillaz ("M1-A1!" Oom-pah oom-pah "Thousand miles an hour!" oom-pah
oom-pah) when I heard the bus pull away. Those jerks had left me behind
on purpose! I grabbed my tuba case and ran, but all I got was a faceful
of exhaust. Meanwhile, the sun was setting, and I ended up in a bad part
of town.

Here, you know, the survival instincts kicked in. My career as a street
musician scored me only a buck twenty-five, a dollar of which I spent on
ice cream while I figured things out. All I had to work with was my tuba
and my *Pokemon* deck.

But back in some shady alley I found a gaming hall, the kind of place
where smelly bearded wargamers hang out. I busted down the door and tol'
'em I would take on any one of 'em for CASH MONEY. None of them believed
that a kid could take them on at *Pokemon*, but, I have the *skillz*.

So by three in the morning I stepped out of there with a tuba, my
*Pokemon* deck, and about $3600 in small bills. By this time, though,
the dark alley was filled with hookers. "Hey baby you wants some?" said
this veiny woman in fishnet stockings. "Don't bug him, he's just a kid,
he don't got no money," said another.

"No way!" I bawled. "I just scored $3600 playing Pokemon." Maybe hookers
are just jaded people because they didn't believe that anyone could make
more money than them just by playin' *Pokemon*. So I showed them some of
my tricks, you know, how to use the trainer cards and plant pokemon to
really beat somebody down. They even invited me into the back of their
van. I'm pretty sure I lost my virginity, whatever that means.

Suddenly, the back doors of the van flew open, and on the other side was
a tall dude in sunglasses and a pink fuzzy hat. He was pretty mad. Then
the one girl says to him, "We're not gonna be hookers anymore, we're
gonna play *POKEMON.*" That made the man with the pink fuzzy hat
*furious*. He pulled out one of those ... whatchacallits ... those
little guns that shoot a whole lot of bullets? Oozies? Yeah, one of
those. But, I managed to jump out of the front of the van, and pulled my
tuba after me, and he was chasing me, and I jumped into this side door
of some really smoky place.

Turns out I'd stepped into a bar. The air was filled with smoke and
there were neon lights everywhere. I could see them reflecting off of
the chains of all the mean-lookin' long-haired tatooed guys who were in
there drinkin'. I think they were doctors, because a bunch of them were
givin' each other shots. In the back some big guys in leather were
playing pool next to a beaten-up *Zaxxon* machine. They all turned to
look at me, snarling.

Then the man in the pink fuzzy hat busted in, and froze in his tracks,
because the bartender pulled out a shotgun. The man in the fuzzy hat
smiled a fake smile with a gold tooth, hiding his oozie. "I don't wants
no trouble now," he said. "I's just here to pick up my son. C'mon, son,
let's ... go home." He reached out his hand.

So I said, "C'mon dad! You promised! Just one game of *Zaxxon*!" The man
in the purple hat called me dirty names, which I guess just made the
guys in the bar laugh, 'cuz they all took my side. "Yeah, let the kid
play a game!" "Just one game!" "Yeah!"

So, I stepped up to the game and put in a quarter. I knew that it was
gonna be my last game EVER, so I had to make it last. Fortunately, I'm a
*Zaxxon* MASTAH. I beat the first level, then the second level, then the
robot. And the third level. And the second robot. And more levels. And
extra guys. And more levels. After the first hour, the guys thought it
was pretty funny, because the man in the pink fuzzy hat was PISSED.
Then, after the second hour, they started buying the guy with the pink
fuzzy hat a lot of drinks. By the time I'd played for my third hour on
one quarter, it was like a big party. They asked me what *else* I could
do, so I stood on top of a table and played an instrumental version of
"Clint Eastwood" on my tuba while they threw quarters at me. There was
some kind of riot and some kind of fire, too. And like, as we were
running away, the man in the fuzzy hat told me to see him for "free
hooches for life" or something.

But the sun was already coming up and I told him I had to go to band
camp, instead. He dropped my off at the field in a stretch limo. But the
kids gave me a wedgie anyways. I'm telling you, if there was a band camp
video game? I would OWN.