---
blurb: >
  After work I told Crenshaw all about it. "Dude," he said. "I was that second pair
  of high heels, man. See, what you needed was an EXIT STRATEGY."
color: true
date: '2002-04-13'
history:
- date: '2002-10-11 02:05:42'
  votes:
  - 60
  - 12
  - 10
  - 17
  - 19
  - 54
  - 121
  - 275
  - 473
  - 1761
- date: '2002-10-11 02:11:48'
  votes:
  - 60
  - 12
  - 10
  - 17
  - 19
  - 54
  - 121
  - 275
  - 473
  - 1761
- date: '2002-12-28 18:08:58'
  votes:
  - 60
  - 12
  - 10
  - 17
  - 19
  - 54
  - 122
  - 278
  - 475
  - 1779
- date: '2003-02-18 21:10:41'
  votes:
  - 60
  - 12
  - 10
  - 17
  - 19
  - 54
  - 122
  - 278
  - 478
  - 1792
- date: '2003-04-07 13:54:10'
  votes:
  - 60
  - 13
  - 10
  - 17
  - 19
  - 54
  - 122
  - 278
  - 479
  - 1804
- date: '2003-08-07 06:28:15'
  votes:
  - 60
  - 13
  - 10
  - 17
  - 20
  - 54
  - 122
  - 280
  - 484
  - 1824
- date: '2004-01-11 00:20:37'
  votes:
  - 60
  - 13
  - 10
  - 17
  - 20
  - 54
  - 122
  - 282
  - 487
  - 1846
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 60
  - 13
  - 10
  - 18
  - 20
  - 54
  - 124
  - 283
  - 489
  - 1864
id: 341
permalink: /341/there-comes-a-time-in-every-mans-life-when-he-asks-himself-what-would-solid-snake-do/
score: 9.08
title: 'There comes a time in every man’s life when he asks himself: What would Solid
  Snake do?'
vicpic: victimpics/apr02/colormgsfreestylebig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/apr02/colormgsfreestyle.png
votes: 2949
---

Not more than a week after [I lost my access card and was forced to go
Metal Gear Solid Freestyle](@/victim/331.md) in my office building, I
once again had reason to call upon my Solid Snake prowess. It was a
sunny afternoon, and as I returned from a business lunch with my laptop
under my arm I decided to hit the restrooms before getting back to the
daily grind.

But once I got to the second floor I was assaulted by the visage of
Crenshaw standing just outside the door to the men’s room, wafting the
air away with a copy of the Wall Street Journal. "Do *not* go in there!"
he told me, then added a loud "woo!" for effect. Of course, it was too
late for me; when a man’s got to go, a man’s got to go. What were my
options?

Well, I had very few. I could go out, get in my car, and drive to the
nearest Whattaburger joint or gas station ... or I could tuck my laptop
case under my arm, flip silently around the corner, duck under a potted
plant, tie my business tie around my forehead, and once again go *Metal
Gear Solid Freestyle*. After all, there was a perfectly good ladies’
room downstairs, provided nobody saw me slip in there. Let me tell you,
when you possess a science such as mine, the temptation to use it is
often overwhelming.

Stacey from Accounts Receivable was manning her cubicle just outside the
women's restroom doors. Not a problem – I quickly tapped on the wall
with a fist. As she got up to peer around the corner, I had already
slipped silently behind her. I was in!

I tiptoed over the linoleum, slid into the stall, and closed the door
behind me with a quiet click. Success! I had infiltrated the ladies’
bathroom undetected. I quietly set my laptop bag on the ground and took
care of business. Ah, sweet relief. But before I could wrap up my
mission I heard the door open and the rap of high heels clacking across
the tile floor. The situation had suddenly grown desperate; I had to
take immediate action. Realizing my manly shoes would give me away and
jeopardize the mission, I lifted them up and braced them against the
door of the perfumed stall, quiet as a mouse. However, no sooner was one
pair of high-heeled shoes washing up than another had entered the
facilities. And then another. Pretty soon a little gaggle of shoes were
doing each other’s makeup or something by the mirror. I had
underestimated the ability of my female co-workers to turn a potty break
into a social activity.

It's times like this – yes, times like this that a man has to ask
himself: What would Solid Snake do? The answer of course could be found
in tiny lockers up and down the East River. That’s right. Solid Snake
would lie low until the heat had passed. So, I picked up my laptop, set
it on my lap, put on my headphones, and fired up *Dungeon Siege*.

At first it was all going according to plan. But you know how it is when
you’re playing a really good game ... you kinda get lost in your own
world. Pretty soon, with the noise turned up on my headphones, I forgot
that I was supposed to be maintaining a veil of silence. Unaware that
the stall next to me was occupied, I killed a boss monster and
approached a rack full of weapons eager to claim my prize. I could
hardly contain my excitement. "Oh baby, oh baby YAH BABY! GIMMIE SOME
BOOTY! SWEET ASS SWEET!" I shouted.

When they opened the stall door they found me, legs spread, pants around
my ankles, laptop on my lap. The hardest part was trying to explain to
Human Resources why I was wearing my tie on my head.