---
blurb: >
  You want the doughnut? You want the doughnut? You'll have to TEAR IT OUT OF MY DOUGHNUT
  ENCRUSTED INNARDS! Hah Hah hah hah OOOFff \[More scuffling\]
color: false
date: '2002-04-17'
history:
- date: '2002-12-30 12:27:53'
  votes:
  - 115
  - 24
  - 39
  - 57
  - 74
  - 106
  - 203
  - 322
  - 273
  - 496
- date: '2003-02-27 09:58:37'
  votes:
  - 116
  - 24
  - 39
  - 57
  - 74
  - 106
  - 203
  - 323
  - 275
  - 500
- date: '2003-02-27 10:25:56'
  votes:
  - 116
  - 24
  - 39
  - 57
  - 74
  - 106
  - 203
  - 323
  - 275
  - 500
- date: '2003-04-07 19:17:32'
  votes:
  - 116
  - 25
  - 39
  - 57
  - 74
  - 106
  - 203
  - 323
  - 277
  - 502
- date: '2003-04-07 19:27:21'
  votes:
  - 116
  - 25
  - 39
  - 57
  - 74
  - 106
  - 203
  - 323
  - 277
  - 502
- date: '2003-08-14 07:21:15'
  votes:
  - 116
  - 25
  - 40
  - 57
  - 74
  - 106
  - 205
  - 325
  - 283
  - 516
- date: '2004-01-14 00:57:51'
  votes:
  - 116
  - 25
  - 40
  - 57
  - 74
  - 106
  - 206
  - 326
  - 288
  - 525
- date: '2004-02-12 18:44:15'
  votes:
  - 116
  - 25
  - 40
  - 57
  - 76
  - 106
  - 206
  - 326
  - 288
  - 526
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 116
  - 25
  - 40
  - 57
  - 76
  - 106
  - 206
  - 327
  - 289
  - 535
id: 344
permalink: /344/in-regards-to-the-last-krispy-kreme-doughnut/
score: 7.53
title: 'In regards to the last Krispy Kreme doughnut:'
vicpic: victimpics/apr02/doughnutbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/apr02/doughnut.png
votes: 1798
---

Phil, I want to offer my condolences on your lack of Krispy Kreme
doughtnuttage. When Jan the receptionist announced via company email
that doughnuts were available at the front desk, you were too busy
playing *C&C Renegade* multiplayer to notice. You rushed here moments
too late, stunned by the sight of me grabbing the last of the delicious
doughnuts, still so soft and warm.

Ordinarily at a time such as this I would rub your face in the agony of
defeat, mercilessly taunting you because I got to the doughnut first.
The last doughnut, the one that you can't have. I would say it serves
you right for busting out the video games before five. I would, in fact,
point at you — right at your face — and laugh in a high pitched
squeal. HOWEVER, that being said, I am FULLY aware that Krispy Kreme
doughnuts are delicious moist gooey treats that are to be treated with
the utmost respect. I understand that it's personally painful to you to
be able to smell the Kremey goodness but neither taste nor touch it.
Given these charged emotional circumstances, I will in fact refrain from
laughing at you, mouth full of sugary happiness, cheeks puffed out in
blissful doughnutude.

I will, instead, cover my mouth and VERY QUIETLY savor this delicious,
incredible, succulent pastry delight while making no noise whatsoever
that would in any way make you feel at all bad because YOU DO NOT HAVE
ONE. I may occasionally be forced to smack my mouth in succulent ecstasy
as I lick the sugary glaze from my gratified lips, and I apologize in
advance if any of those noises in any way make you feel like a poorer
man after your horrible, horrible loss. I conscientiously choose not to
rub it in. Mmnnn. Oh soft rich doughnut. MmmmNNNNnnnn.

AAyyyiiee! I take it by your sudden physical attack that our gentleman's
agreement is no more! Very well, Phillip! Your flurry of punches and
attempted tackle leave me no choice but to assume your feelings are
hardened as to your contemptible loss of the last doughnut! HAA HAA
Phil-no-doughnut-ip! I Krispy Kremeated your ass! Get off me! I got the
doughnut and you got the hole! Ha ha- \[muffled fighting\]