---
blurb: >
  Thank God we didn't have to adminster ... those little shocky thingiees.
color: false
date: '2002-04-26'
history:
- date: '2002-11-02 08:24:37'
  votes:
  - 96
  - 19
  - 30
  - 52
  - 73
  - 109
  - 207
  - 288
  - 265
  - 512
- date: '2002-11-02 08:27:02'
  votes:
  - 96
  - 19
  - 30
  - 52
  - 73
  - 109
  - 207
  - 288
  - 265
  - 512
- date: '2002-12-29 12:27:58'
  votes:
  - 97
  - 19
  - 30
  - 52
  - 73
  - 110
  - 208
  - 288
  - 266
  - 515
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 98
  - 19
  - 30
  - 53
  - 75
  - 113
  - 212
  - 294
  - 272
  - 550
id: 352
permalink: /352/a-word-of-caution-regarding-pc-cooling-fans-and-chinchillas/
score: 7.66
title: 'A word of caution regarding PC cooling fans and chinchillas:'
vicpic: victimpics/apr02/chinchillabig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/apr02/chinchilla.png
votes: 1734
---

As usual, our Thursday night LAN party was put on hiatus in order to
watch *ER* and booze it up. The way it goes down is, every time someone
says the word "Doctor," you have to take a drink. Anytime they slam
through those double doors with a gurney, you take two. If they deliver
a baby, you have to chug the remainder of the bottle, so there's a
little strategy there.

Suddenly, we hear this "PAF!" noise. Everyone's looking around, worried.
Then came the smell ... the smell of burning fur. "Where's the
chinchilla!?" my girlfriend cried, leaping to her feet. We all rushed to
the office downstairs and there, in a smoking heap next to Greg's open
PC case was a pile of fur.

You think this all ends tragically, but in my case, we were lucky. We
were lucky to have a dedicated group of men and women who refused to
write off the life of a small animal. Calvin cradled Bertie (that's my
chinchilla) in his hands and screamed, "Coming through! Coming through!"
as he stormed into the kitchen. Greg wrapped a dishtowel around his
mouth and yelled, "Gimmie a turkey baster - STAT!" My girlfriend dug one
out of the kitchen drawer and handed it to him, where he proceeded to
place the baster into Bertie's mouth and administer oxygen. This is
what's known in paramedical circles as "Bagging the Chinch."

Suddenly, Bertie coughed and sputtered to life, then dove under the
couch, trailing some smouldering fur but otherwise alive and well. High
fives were given all around. But you ... you might not be so lucky. So
please. Never remove the cover of your PC fan. Not if you care about
your furry ones.

\[Victim idea
[submitted](mailto:fargo@gamespy.com;%20hotsoup@gamespy.com) by GameSpy
reader Adam Leibel\]