---
blurb: >
  **Thank you, Professor**.


  You promised me doughnuts for this.
color: false
date: '2002-05-17'
history:
- date: '2002-10-21 01:54:15'
  votes:
  - 164
  - 38
  - 41
  - 51
  - 89
  - 132
  - 186
  - 258
  - 203
  - 392
- date: '2002-10-21 02:06:01'
  votes:
  - 164
  - 38
  - 41
  - 51
  - 89
  - 132
  - 186
  - 258
  - 203
  - 392
- date: '2002-12-19 07:44:21'
  votes:
  - 165
  - 38
  - 41
  - 52
  - 89
  - 133
  - 187
  - 262
  - 204
  - 399
- date: '2002-12-19 07:46:29'
  votes:
  - 165
  - 38
  - 41
  - 52
  - 89
  - 133
  - 187
  - 262
  - 204
  - 399
- date: '2003-02-05 05:11:18'
  votes:
  - 166
  - 38
  - 41
  - 52
  - 89
  - 133
  - 188
  - 263
  - 204
  - 401
- date: '2003-02-05 05:26:51'
  votes:
  - 166
  - 38
  - 41
  - 52
  - 89
  - 133
  - 188
  - 263
  - 204
  - 401
- date: '2003-04-06 02:21:43'
  votes:
  - 168
  - 38
  - 41
  - 52
  - 89
  - 133
  - 189
  - 263
  - 206
  - 402
- date: '2003-04-06 02:25:41'
  votes:
  - 168
  - 38
  - 41
  - 52
  - 89
  - 133
  - 189
  - 263
  - 206
  - 402
- date: '2003-08-03 12:34:39'
  votes:
  - 168
  - 39
  - 41
  - 53
  - 89
  - 133
  - 189
  - 265
  - 208
  - 408
- date: '2003-08-03 15:12:28'
  votes:
  - 168
  - 39
  - 41
  - 53
  - 89
  - 133
  - 189
  - 265
  - 208
  - 408
- date: '2003-12-18 09:42:59'
  votes:
  - 170
  - 39
  - 41
  - 53
  - 90
  - 134
  - 190
  - 270
  - 215
  - 413
- date: '2003-12-18 09:51:36'
  votes:
  - 170
  - 39
  - 41
  - 53
  - 90
  - 134
  - 190
  - 270
  - 215
  - 413
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 171
  - 40
  - 41
  - 55
  - 90
  - 136
  - 191
  - 270
  - 216
  - 421
id: 370
permalink: /370/professor-lyons-of-mit-explains-how-to-get-morrowind-to-work-with-your-3d-card/
score: 6.94
title: Professor Lyons of MIT explains how to get Morrowind to work with your 3D card
vicpic: victimpics/may02/labcoatbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/may02/labcoat.png
votes: 1658
---

**Dearest readers: recently our [rash](@/victim/367.md) of
[*Morrowind* Victims](@/victim/363.md) has inspired many of you to
write in asking about the steep system requirements and 3D card
compatibility issues with the game. To help, we've brought in a special
guest to explain things in order that you can enjoy this brilliant RPG.
Professor?**

Thank you, thank you. I'll try to explain everything in layman's terms.
In order to understand why *Morrowind* may have difficulty running on
your video card without the proper drivers, we need to examine the
hardware itself, as well as how it works.

You see, as any basic computer science student learns, your computer
evaluates data by shooting electrons through little gates called
"Transistors." We won't get into the details about how they work, but
just imagine that each transistor is like a little "electric traffic
cop" that tells electrons where to do. There are literally gabazillions
of transistors inside your computer *right now!* Without them, electrons
would spill out onto your floor and then "shock" you when you touched a
doorknob. Or your "cat."

Now, some of the electrons are more colorful than others, and these
special electrons are chosen to go to your monitor, where they are
sorted by shade, pumped to your monitor, and told to stand in lines like
little tiny choreographed people at a parade. There they make a picture
of a castle or something. Of course, the longer it takes them to get to
your monitor, the slower your game runs. That's why geniuses like me
invented "3D Accelerators." These are special cards that you can put in
your computer that have tiny greased gold busses and elastic bands that
shoot electrons from one place to another, sometimes at speeds *faster
than a Jet Aeroplane!*

But not all 3D accelerators are created equal. You really notice a
difference with a game like *Morrowind*, because it's REALLY demanding
on electrons. *Morrowind* is like that drill sargent from *Full Metal
Jacket* standing over the electrons and screaming obscenities at them or
calling them maggots. Sometimes *Morrowind* forces electrons that it
doesn't like to drop and do 20. Needless to say, some electrons can't
handle that kind of pressure. They're forced to drop out, like Navy Seal
rejects or something, where they collapse onto the side of your computer
panting. Let me tell you from first hand experience, *Morrowind* is a
cold bitch. Like me ex wife. Harsh.

That's why you need to make sure you have the right drivers. "Drivers"
are what drive the "Busses" in your computer, to get electrons where
they need to go so that *Morrowind* doesn't pop a nut when they're not
where they belong because they need to draw a picture of a dark elf or
something. And you need to have the right accelerator card, because
otherwise they'll get stuck in the transistors. Do you follow me? Aw
geez, I've gotten too technical again haven't I?

**But what can we do to get better game performance, Professor?**

Well, keep your electrons strong and healthy by working them out on a
regular basis. I suggest loading up 3D games like *Quake* and then
swinging the mouse around wildly. 20 minutes a day for two weeks should
do the trick!

**What if, instead, we just waited until *Morrowind* came out on the
Xbox — then we could just plug it in and play flawlessly?**

Sure, but what fun is *that?*.