---
blurb: >
  Show a man some skin and he's yours for life. Hit him in the face with a giant turnip
  and he gets all weird on you.
color: false
date: '2002-05-31'
history:
- date: '2002-11-06 03:29:34'
  votes:
  - 105
  - 17
  - 25
  - 26
  - 47
  - 71
  - 171
  - 324
  - 395
  - 1208
- date: '2002-11-06 03:31:30'
  votes:
  - 105
  - 17
  - 25
  - 26
  - 47
  - 71
  - 171
  - 324
  - 395
  - 1208
- date: '2002-12-05 05:20:01'
  votes:
  - 106
  - 17
  - 25
  - 26
  - 47
  - 71
  - 172
  - 324
  - 397
  - 1215
- date: '2003-02-18 17:14:50'
  votes:
  - 106
  - 17
  - 25
  - 26
  - 47
  - 72
  - 173
  - 324
  - 398
  - 1224
- date: '2003-04-06 15:10:13'
  votes:
  - 107
  - 17
  - 25
  - 26
  - 47
  - 73
  - 173
  - 325
  - 400
  - 1225
- date: '2003-04-06 15:17:20'
  votes:
  - 107
  - 17
  - 25
  - 26
  - 47
  - 73
  - 173
  - 325
  - 400
  - 1225
- date: '2003-07-20 05:58:47'
  votes:
  - 107
  - 18
  - 25
  - 26
  - 48
  - 74
  - 174
  - 326
  - 404
  - 1237
- date: '2003-08-02 17:54:54'
  votes:
  - 107
  - 18
  - 25
  - 26
  - 48
  - 74
  - 174
  - 326
  - 404
  - 1238
- date: '2003-12-16 15:01:05'
  votes:
  - 107
  - 19
  - 26
  - 27
  - 49
  - 75
  - 174
  - 327
  - 405
  - 1251
- date: '2004-02-11 18:49:10'
  votes:
  - 108
  - 19
  - 26
  - 27
  - 49
  - 75
  - 176
  - 328
  - 405
  - 1257
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 108
  - 19
  - 27
  - 27
  - 49
  - 75
  - 176
  - 330
  - 408
  - 1265
id: 381
permalink: /381/a-woman-cant-let-true-love-stand-in-the-way-of-mad-skillz/
score: 8.47
title: A woman can't let true love stand in the way of mad skillz.
vicpic: victimpics/may02/ponytailbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/may02/ponytail.png
votes: 2507
---

Some women are born with supermodel bodies, I was born with mad *Super
Smash Brothers* skillz. I didn't ask for them. I got them shortly after
puberty. I was alone in my room, I decided to pick up the N64 and put in
my brothers' cartridge, then I started to play and WHAMS! I became a
woman.

The secret's stayed with me until now, my second year at college. My
boyfriend got *Super Smash Brothers Melee* for the GameCube, and I
couldn't help but [destroy him](@/victim/379.md). The Princess and
me, we got that ... that special mojo, or something. I don't even have
to think about it — next thing I know my boyfriend is flying off the
map, hollering.

Guys are weird. He acts like it [hurts his manhood](@/victim/379.md).
I want to ask him, "Why don't you just suck it up?" but instead I just
hit him with turnips and knock him off the map. This brought on a huge
fight. I can't say I was too happy with him going into the weekend,
which is where the trouble began.

This weekend we were having a big party. Jake was invited — he's
supposedly a God at these games. We even invited that [freaky
fanboy](@/victim/380.md) so that we'd have four players. So to cut a
long story short, Jake arrives and he might as well have "Hot Mofo"
written all over his arms and chest. The guy's BUILT. We sit down to
play, and I make sure I'm sitting next to *him*. He even *smelled* nice.

So we start to play. *Smash Brothers*, of course. The game is fast, and
it's *ugly*. Luigi was flying all over the map like Yoda. Jake was
picking people up and throwing them around like ragdolls. Now, here's
the thing: I knew that if I brought on the hurt, he'd get all weird on
me, then he'd have to act macho so he wasn't embarrassed in front of all
the guys. So I thought I'd purposely lose, and then giggle, then get him
to show me how to hold the controller — the usual deal. Ladies, you
know how it works, am I right?

Everything was going according to plan: I was low on health, only Jake's
Donkey Kong and I remained, the match was nearly over, Jake had casually
slid closer to me on the couch, and then ... the hammer fell onto the
screen. The big giant Donkey Kong hammer, also known in my circles as
"The H-Bomb." What's a girl to do? Was I fighting for love, or something
deeper? I ... I couldn't stop myself. I screamed "Suck on it, monkey!"
and grabbed the hammer. I slammed him off of the map like a Pinata at a
parade.

The screaming deep inside me was probably my ovaries wailing in protest.
The screams on the *outside* were from me pointing to Jake's face and
yelling "0WNED!" while my pretty pink Princess danced and giggled on the
screen. I guess, what I'm trying to say is ... sometimes you can't let
love hold you back.