---
blurb: >
  That noise you hear is the incredible NARD SUCKING that is my life. I am crapping
  you not.
color: false
date: '2002-06-13'
history:
- date: '2003-02-17 14:18:15'
  votes:
  - 255
  - 58
  - 73
  - 80
  - 123
  - 190
  - 290
  - 411
  - 407
  - 1064
- date: '2003-04-06 20:55:11'
  votes:
  - 255
  - 59
  - 73
  - 80
  - 123
  - 191
  - 291
  - 412
  - 407
  - 1065
- date: '2003-08-03 14:37:05'
  votes:
  - 255
  - 59
  - 73
  - 81
  - 123
  - 191
  - 292
  - 414
  - 408
  - 1072
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 256
  - 59
  - 73
  - 81
  - 123
  - 193
  - 293
  - 418
  - 410
  - 1085
id: 390
permalink: /390/i-swear-i-saw-some-blizzard-programmers-eating-lunch-at-el-pollo-loco-yesterday/
score: 7.52
title: I swear I saw some Blizzard Programmers eating lunch at El Pollo Loco yesterday
vicpic: victimpics/jun02/blizzardlunchbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/jun02/blizzardlunch.png
votes: 3009
---

No man, I'm serious. Blizzard Entertainment — you know, the guys who
make *Diablo* and *Warcraft* n'stuff? Yeah, they were sitting there
*eating chicken*. Right next to me! It goes down like this: Me and Chaps
(you know, Chaps? Dude with the chapped lips who lives upstairs?) were
heading over to [El Pollo
Loco](https://web.archive.org/web/20020613000000/http://gamespy.com/fargo/september01/maxchicken/)
("CRAZY EFFIN' CHICKEN!") for lunch. I get the combo, white meat, WHAMS.
I sit down, and I see that one of the guys sitting at the booth beside
mine — he has long hair and he's wearing this shirt with a big picture
of an Orc on it.

I start to get that suspicious tingling, you know, the tingles that come
when some whack biz is coming down. So I lean over to Chaps. I say, "I
think those dudes are from Blizzard." You know. BLIZZARD. They make
games that HARDEN CROTCHES. I shove over Chaps's chicken and lean my
head against the booth, right? I want to hear the DETAILS. I want to
hear about ORCS who RUN DOWN HILLS and then HIT THINGS with HAMMERS.
'cuz that's what orcs do.

I don't make the rules, man, I just calls 'em like they happen.

But the dudes from Blizzard — and let me tell you, I KNOW they were
from Blizzard, 'cuz at least half of 'em have "Programmer hair" —
they're talking about *cars*. Not Orcs. Not Dwarves. Not Zombies. Not
even a hydralisk. They're talking about Ferraris and like whack ass
Hummers n'stuff. Dude like I CARE about FERRARIS! I wanted to hear them
talkin' about cheat codes or something.

So I says, "CHAPS!" (But I says it in a whisper, like: "chaps!") I says,
"Say something about Orcs." So Chaps is like, "I love Orcs." But he's
practically whispering, so I'm saying, Chaps, make it HAPPEN. So he
stands up and says, "I'm going to get some butter. And... ORCS." But the
Blizzard dudes are still talking about cars, so I'm making the "pump up
the volume" gesture with my hands. Like this:

\[Makes completely unidentifiable gesture with hands\]

So Chaps says, "I wish ORCS would SLATHER MY BELLY with DELICIOUS
BUTTER." By then, like, everyone in the restaurant is looking at him.
Except the dudes from Blizzard. It was a complete bonage.

Anyways, they all get up and leave. I'm watching them leave through the
plate glass window, right? I feel like life just gave me a shot to the
junk, 'cuz none of them invited me back to their place to chill and get
free betas and stuff. So I pound on the glass. "WHERE THE HELL IS
STARCRAFT II!?" I yell at their cars.

That's how I got thrown out of the Crazy Chicken.