---
blurb: >
  Get this clown out of here and bring in my moon boots.
color: false
date: '2002-06-21'
history:
- date: '2002-10-09 21:25:10'
  votes:
  - 63
  - 15
  - 18
  - 34
  - 60
  - 93
  - 156
  - 294
  - 308
  - 789
- date: '2002-12-19 07:45:02'
  votes:
  - 64
  - 15
  - 18
  - 34
  - 60
  - 94
  - 158
  - 295
  - 312
  - 801
- date: '2003-04-06 03:51:00'
  votes:
  - 64
  - 15
  - 18
  - 34
  - 60
  - 94
  - 159
  - 297
  - 315
  - 812
- date: '2003-04-06 03:57:22'
  votes:
  - 64
  - 15
  - 18
  - 34
  - 60
  - 94
  - 159
  - 297
  - 315
  - 812
- date: '2003-08-22 17:04:55'
  votes:
  - 64
  - 15
  - 18
  - 34
  - 62
  - 94
  - 159
  - 301
  - 318
  - 820
- date: '2003-08-22 17:14:37'
  votes:
  - 64
  - 15
  - 18
  - 34
  - 62
  - 94
  - 159
  - 301
  - 318
  - 820
- date: '2003-10-17 17:08:02'
  votes:
  - 64
  - 15
  - 18
  - 34
  - 62
  - 94
  - 159
  - 303
  - 318
  - 824
- date: '2003-12-27 08:15:28'
  votes:
  - 64
  - 15
  - 18
  - 34
  - 62
  - 94
  - 160
  - 303
  - 318
  - 827
- date: '2004-02-09 21:16:10'
  votes:
  - 64
  - 15
  - 18
  - 34
  - 62
  - 94
  - 160
  - 305
  - 318
  - 830
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 64
  - 15
  - 18
  - 34
  - 62
  - 94
  - 161
  - 305
  - 320
  - 839
id: 397
permalink: /397/the-army-has-a-videogame-big-deal-the-cia-black-ops-game-has-been-out-for-years-in-secret/
score: 8.3
title: The Army has a videogame? Big deal, the 'CIA Black Ops' game has been out for
  years. *In secret*.
vicpic: victimpics/jun02/blackopsbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/jun02/blackops.png
votes: 1927
---

Agent Harwood? Make sure this man doesn't have any bugs on him. Clean?
Good. I won't put you under NDA for what I'm about to tell you, because
frankly, if you breathe a word about this to anyone, you'll be dead
before the proper legal channels could be put into motion. Now then.

This [upcoming U.S. Army
game](http://web.archive.org/web/20020621000000/http://gamespy.com/e32002/pc/armyops/)
is nothing. In fact, it crossed my desk for approval. We've already had
a similar program in place for years, used to train our black ops
department.

Why, yes, the CIA game is completely free. And no, of course it's not
publicized. We don't give out Licenses to Kill without making people
work for 'em, why would we place our games in the public domain? No, the
downloads are stored in secret vaults underneath Langley with carefully
scripted security holes. Qualified applicants are expected to hack into
the mainframe like the versatile operatives we need. Once they download
the game, they're tracked by the agency just like all the other Windows
users since '95. We measure their performance in special game modes like
"assassinate third world leaders" "securing remaining smallpox samples"
and of course the ever-popular "Kennedy" mod. Believe me, we make
*Counter-Strike* look like *Kirby's Dreamland*.

Those who perform well in the game, regardless of base system specs and
pings, are contacted by field agents. Faking the deaths is the fun part.
Once they've severed all ties with their civilian life candidates
undergo rigorous training in our cement bunker deep beneath Graceland.
We liquidate those who don't do well and take the others to our moon
base. From there we dominate Internet gaming such that --

What's that? You don't believe we have a moon base? You say our network
pings would be terrible from the moon? I see. I see. What if I were to
tell you that the ping time from the moon to the earth was really only
50ms, and that we've been artificially inflating the pings of the rest
of the world all along so that we always have the edge? Impossible, you
say...? Which is more probable: That a tiny computer network operated by
the defense department "just happened" to grow into a ubiquitous
worldwide vehicle for commerce and entertainment in just a couple of
decades through the actions of a bunch of disorganized civilians? OR ...
that we've controlled the Internet ... ALL ALONG. That's right. I
thought so.

You're free to go.