---
blurb: >
  Are we off the air? Holy MOTHER, I think what's left of that Scout hit the side
  of the enemy base so hard he left a smear. Man, that was great. What should we have
  Monk try to do next? What? We're not on commercial?
color: false
date: '2002-07-01'
history:
- date: '2002-12-18 09:10:33'
  votes:
  - 96
  - 22
  - 32
  - 28
  - 51
  - 76
  - 123
  - 234
  - 314
  - 1058
- date: '2003-02-05 05:22:41'
  votes:
  - 96
  - 22
  - 32
  - 28
  - 51
  - 76
  - 123
  - 234
  - 315
  - 1063
- date: '2003-02-05 05:44:57'
  votes:
  - 96
  - 22
  - 32
  - 28
  - 51
  - 76
  - 123
  - 234
  - 315
  - 1063
- date: '2003-04-05 22:27:14'
  votes:
  - 96
  - 22
  - 33
  - 28
  - 51
  - 78
  - 123
  - 234
  - 318
  - 1065
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 99
  - 23
  - 36
  - 28
  - 52
  - 78
  - 127
  - 239
  - 324
  - 1111
id: 404
permalink: /404/reporting-to-you-live-from-the-observation-mode-of-bl00dlu5ts-tribes-ii-server/
score: 8.36
title: Reporting to you LIVE from the observation mode of Bl00dLu5t's Tribes II server...
vicpic: victimpics/jul02/microphonebig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/jul02/microphone.png
votes: 2143
---

Ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, we're here LIVE from the
scene, floating in observer mode high above Bl00dLu5t's *Tribes II*
server for what should be a pivotal moment in the playing career of
Michael "The Monk" Bulman. That's right the Mad Monk as he's known is
stepping out of his base, yes, yes he's just emerged from the base
wearing medium armor glinting in the sunlight and he's taking a look at
his surroundings -- this is a MOMENT OF TRUTH ladies and gentlemen and
you're here listening LIVE as it's happening, if you've just joined us
Mad Monk is outside the base and is he? Is he? Yes, yes he is, he's
walking to the vehicle station! He's taking long deliberate strides
toward his vehicle station, no, he's not using his jetpack, he's just
walking, walking toward the vehicle station for what will be HIS MAIDEN
FLIGHT, that's right, you're listening LIVE to the MAIDEN FLIGHT of
Michael "The Monk" Bulman, who has never once piloted a *Tribes II*
vehicle until what we hope will be today.

Mad Monk has stepped up to the vehicle station, he's on the podium, and
he's ordering a vehicle. There's a hush from the crowd, an urgent
tension here in the reporter's booth as we wait to see what it is --
you're listening live, folks -- he's called up a vehicle, it's a big
one, it's coming into focus and OH MY! OH MY! A cheer from the crowd as
it appears that he's conjured up a HAVOC HEAVY TRANSPORT, and you've
heard it here first folks, that's right, the Mad Monk is preparing to
fly a Havoc Heavy Transport for his first foray into the wild blue, his
maiden flight, a step into the unknown. He's walking toward the pilot
seat, he's jumping in yes he's jumping in, hardly the slightest bit of
hesitation despite the fact that he's never flown a heavy transport
before no, no in fact he's flown NOTHING, he's driven nothing, in fact
he only got the game earlier this afternoon and until now hadn't even
noticed the vehicle station or even pondered what it did and now yes!
Yes I see it, can we pan over and take a closer look at that? Oh -- oh
MY.

Ladies and gentlemen there are other players *boarding* the Heavy
Transport, at least two -- now three -- three other players are now
sitting in the passenger positions of the heavy transport soon to be
piloted by the Mad Monk in his maiden voyage, having never flown before
he's already got three -- hold it! -- FOUR! Four unsuspecting
passengers. For God's sake, someone should type a chat message or
something, I don't think these people know what they're getting into and
OH DEAR, a Scout has stepped into the tailgunner position ensuring that
the Mad Monk has a complete payload in this, his first flight, as well
as the first time he's ever used a mouse for a computer game, that's
right, he doesn't know how to use a mouse, he's attempting to fly, and
-- wait -- wait! He's moving! The transport is lifting itself off the
ground and now it's crashing down again, no, now he's airborne, he's
airborne and THERE HE GOES!

If you're just tuning in ladies and gentlemen we're broadcasting to you
LIVE from Bl00dLu5t's *Tribes II* server where Michael "The Monk" Bulman
also known as "The Mad Monk" is piloting a fully-loaded Havoc Heavy
Transport for the first time with no less than five passengers, all of
which are clinging on for dear life as he's just CLIPPED THE TOP OF HIS
BASE, nearly taking out a solar panel, the tailgunner is frantically
typing for him to pull up but the Mad Monk is unable to type back, he's
only got one arm, and he's legally blind and currently he's heavily
medicated and he also has a ping of over 600. He's soared already to an
impressive height, the Havoc Heavy Transport is now high above the level
it's still mostly right side up but the engines have cut out, oh, now
they're back on, confusion from both bases at this point as to whether
the Havoc should be shot down, people are beginning to take note on the
ground level -- and now it's upside down! Yes, the transport is
completely upside down --

OH THE CARNAGE! Heavy armored troops are spilling from the Transport
like candy from a piñata, it's whirling toward the ground with all
engines sputtering, Mad Monk is desperately trying to get control and
now his hand is off the mouse, he's hitting some keys, I think there's
some confusion he thought he was using an email client and was
completely unaware he was playing Tribes, IT CLIPPED A MOUNTAIN but it's
still airborne, the transport is nose-down but still hurtling forward,
by some miracle the tailgunner isn't dead yet he's scrambling out, OH MY
it's hit a RIDGE! It burst into flame! It burst into flame! It's
exploding into fiery arcs of debris, there are bodies everywhere, OH oh
OH THE HUMANITY AND ALL THE PEOPLE, I can't look, I can't bear to watch
it I'm turning my head, I haven't seen this much devastation since back
in '98 when Mad Monk first tried a concussion-grenade jump in the flag
room of TeamFortress and killed three quarters of his own team. We'll be
right back after a short commercial break.