---
blurb: >
  \[One by one, the lights in the auditorium turn out. The large screen still shows
  the Neverwinter Editor, sitting open. Slowly the screen zooms in. There, on a stump,
  all alone ... the little tiny shopkeeper weeps.\]
color: false
date: '2002-07-02'
history:
- date: '2002-12-18 18:19:28'
  votes:
  - 96
  - 29
  - 40
  - 40
  - 63
  - 124
  - 168
  - 245
  - 221
  - 427
- date: '2003-02-04 23:53:50'
  votes:
  - 96
  - 29
  - 40
  - 40
  - 64
  - 125
  - 168
  - 245
  - 222
  - 429
- date: '2003-04-06 04:06:58'
  votes:
  - 98
  - 29
  - 40
  - 40
  - 65
  - 127
  - 168
  - 245
  - 222
  - 430
- date: '2003-07-20 06:47:13'
  votes:
  - 98
  - 29
  - 40
  - 40
  - 65
  - 130
  - 168
  - 247
  - 224
  - 434
- date: '2003-08-09 22:54:01'
  votes:
  - 98
  - 29
  - 40
  - 40
  - 65
  - 131
  - 168
  - 249
  - 224
  - 437
- date: '2003-12-16 15:17:55'
  votes:
  - 110
  - 35
  - 44
  - 42
  - 68
  - 137
  - 171
  - 271
  - 242
  - 497
- date: '2004-02-29 01:23:14'
  votes:
  - 111
  - 35
  - 44
  - 42
  - 68
  - 137
  - 171
  - 274
  - 243
  - 500
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 112
  - 36
  - 44
  - 43
  - 69
  - 137
  - 171
  - 275
  - 244
  - 504
id: 405
permalink: /405/professor-lyons-of-mit-explains-how-neverwinter-scripting-works/
score: 7.31
title: Professor Lyons of MIT explains how *Neverwinter* scripting works
vicpic: victimpics/may02/labcoatbig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/may02/labcoat.gif
votes: 1681
---

**Dear readers: With the explosive popularity of [*Neverwinter
Nights*](http://web.archive.org/web/20020702000000/http://www.planetneverwinter.com/),
and with the many many questions we've fielded regarding the use of its
complex editor, we've decided to bring back in [Professor Lyons of
MIT](@/victim/370.md) to clarify the use of this complex tool.
Professor?**

Why thank you, thank you. It's a pleasure to be back on the Daily Victim
imparting knowledge once again to the masses. Let me fire up the
*Neverwinter Nights* editor and I'll show you just what myself and some
of the graduate students here have worked up after intensive studies.
Yes, the *Neverwinter Nights* editor may be complex, but there's nothing
that this flexible tool is incapable of doing should you be willing to
commit yourself to years of painstaking schooling at the expense of
friends family and loved ones.

First, remember that character AI is handled by what are called
"scripts." They're called scripts because each and every one must be
written in longhand. It's handy to think of them as scripts, though,
because it helps to think of the little people in the game as "actors"
who are "acting" out the "script" that you "wrote" while eating "Cap'n
Crunch" right out of the "box."

To continue the analogy, if the AI is the actor, that means that you're
the Director. You tell the actors how to interpret the script. To do so,
I recommend hooking up a microphone to your PC for the more
interpersonal communication, Francis-Ford-Coppola style. Allow me to
demonstrate.

\[Taps microphone. Blows into it three times to ensure that it works.\]

"Hello? Hello? Mr. Shopkeeper? Okay, in this next scene, the script
calls for you to run from here to the front of the tavern. Now, when you
scream out that you're being attacked by Gnolls, I don't want you to be
disassociated from the action. I want to FEEL that the Gnolls are
attacking you. I want the audience to see the pain that the Gnolls have
caused you when they attacked the village. This is an important
cornerstone in the motivation of the main characters. Are you ready?
Now, ACTION!"

"What do you mean 'error parsing variable list?' How hard is it to run
from some Gnolls? Oh you weak, weak little spastic colon of a man!"

\[Grabs microphone, causing feedback to squeal. His voice becomes
distorted with volume\]

"I AM THE GOD OF YOUR FATHERS, LITTLE MAN!! OBEY!! OBEY!!"

Ah, well, I see we're almost out of time. I'm sorry you had to see that.
The AI can be a little temperamental. He'll cool down after he spends a
little time in his trailer. That's all for today! Thank you, and good
night.

*\[Professor Lyons is a critically acclaimed scenario author responsible
for such classic modules as "Big Empty Room" and "Big Empty Room II: A
monster and a Barrell."\]*