---
blurb: >
  Can I interest you in a six-sided die for just $24.97? Okay! For you, $17.50!
color: false
date: '2002-07-08'
history:
- date: '2002-11-26 08:21:05'
  votes:
  - 97
  - 28
  - 28
  - 29
  - 75
  - 125
  - 171
  - 321
  - 330
  - 736
- date: '2002-11-26 08:25:35'
  votes:
  - 97
  - 28
  - 28
  - 29
  - 75
  - 125
  - 171
  - 321
  - 330
  - 736
- date: '2002-12-20 05:39:01'
  votes:
  - 97
  - 28
  - 28
  - 29
  - 75
  - 125
  - 171
  - 321
  - 331
  - 737
- date: '2002-12-20 05:52:52'
  votes:
  - 97
  - 28
  - 28
  - 29
  - 75
  - 125
  - 171
  - 321
  - 331
  - 737
- date: '2003-02-05 10:14:07'
  votes:
  - 97
  - 28
  - 28
  - 29
  - 75
  - 127
  - 171
  - 321
  - 332
  - 741
- date: '2003-04-06 00:41:33'
  votes:
  - 97
  - 28
  - 28
  - 30
  - 75
  - 128
  - 171
  - 322
  - 333
  - 744
- date: '2003-08-13 01:23:51'
  votes:
  - 97
  - 29
  - 28
  - 30
  - 75
  - 129
  - 173
  - 324
  - 336
  - 754
- date: '2003-10-18 08:27:19'
  votes:
  - 97
  - 29
  - 29
  - 31
  - 76
  - 131
  - 174
  - 325
  - 338
  - 758
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 99
  - 30
  - 29
  - 31
  - 76
  - 131
  - 175
  - 327
  - 340
  - 771
id: 409
permalink: /409/hello-sir-allow-me-to-demonstrate-for-you-a-stunning-new-way-to-roleplay-without-a-pc/
score: 7.97
title: Hello, sir! Allow me to demonstrate for you a stunning new way to roleplay
  *without a PC!*
vicpic: victimpics/jul02/dndbig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/jul02/dnd.gif
votes: 2025
---

You heard me right, sir! May I come in? Can I use your dining room
table? My name's Roger Beckham and I've got something in this briefcase
that'll blow you away, but first let me ask you something. How much did
you spend last year on PC roleplaying games? Thirty dollars? Sixty
dollars? Maybe a hundred and twenty dollars? And have you factored in
the Internet service bills and necessary hardware? You're a smart man
and I can already see by the gleam in your eyes that you've already done
the math: That's right, you're spending *hundreds of dollars* to play
games like *Neverwinter Nights.* What if there was a better way?

What if I told you THERE IS?

That's because I've discovered a secret and because I like you I'm going
to let you in on it, sir. These PC roleplaying games such as *Baldur's
Gate*, *Pool of Radiance*, or *Neverwinter Nights* all use a secret
behind-the-scenes roleplaying system known as "Dungeons & Dragons." Now,
I don't want to get technical because I like to keep things on the
level, but make no mistake. This "D&D" system is capable of doing
everything possible in these games and more. PLUS, you don't need an
Internet connection! Or even a PC!

I crap you negative!

So you're asking yourself, "How can I get in on this?" and that's where
I, Roger Beckham, am here to help. "Beckham at yer beck 'n call," that's
what I always say. I have here a "Player's Handbook" that has all the
details, as well as a "Dungeon Master's Guide" that acts like a
sophisticated scenario editor with many times the capabilities of what's
available on even the most powerful computer. Furthermore, it allows a
skilled gamer such as yourself to make up scenarios on the fly if the
player-characters do something wiggity whack. That's right, I said
wiggity whack. We've all played with Halflings, you and I both know
those little pissers are out of control.

How much would you expect to pay for this complete system? One thousand
dollars? Five hundred dollars? Well sir what if I told you that Roger
Beckham could sell you *both* books *right now* for only *Two-hundred
ninety-nine dollars and ninety-nine cents!?* That's just $299.99 for a
lifetime of roleplaying, no PC required, absolutely no system
requirements, no need to upgrade, no complicated editing tools to figure
out, and no need for an Internet connection. Think of what you'd pay for
a new PC alone in order to play *Neverwinter* and you'll--

What? You say that -- oh -- uh, I forgot to peel the price tags off of
those books, heh, uhm, it says $29 dollars? Clearly they forgot a digit
in there, I assure you, these are RARE commodities unavailable anywhere
else! These are -- hey, no need to get frisky sir -- these are -- stop
shoving! Perhaps you'd like some time to think it over? Hey, no so
rough!