---
blurb: >
  One strange side-effect of his amnesia was a curious mortal fear of blankets that
  The Littlest Orc couldn't explain.
color: false
date: '2002-07-12'
history:
- date: '2002-11-20 09:37:26'
  votes:
  - 154
  - 36
  - 41
  - 40
  - 74
  - 93
  - 166
  - 279
  - 404
  - 1526
- date: '2002-11-20 09:43:33'
  votes:
  - 154
  - 36
  - 41
  - 40
  - 74
  - 93
  - 166
  - 279
  - 404
  - 1526
- date: '2002-12-17 15:32:16'
  votes:
  - 154
  - 37
  - 41
  - 40
  - 75
  - 93
  - 167
  - 279
  - 405
  - 1531
- date: '2003-02-28 01:12:39'
  votes:
  - 155
  - 37
  - 41
  - 40
  - 75
  - 93
  - 167
  - 280
  - 405
  - 1542
- date: '2003-02-28 01:23:30'
  votes:
  - 155
  - 37
  - 41
  - 40
  - 75
  - 93
  - 167
  - 280
  - 405
  - 1542
- date: '2003-04-05 15:56:44'
  votes:
  - 155
  - 37
  - 41
  - 40
  - 75
  - 93
  - 167
  - 280
  - 407
  - 1546
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 157
  - 38
  - 41
  - 41
  - 75
  - 93
  - 167
  - 289
  - 414
  - 1590
id: 413
permalink: /413/the-littlest-orc-a-bedtime-story/
score: 8.41
title: 'The Littlest Orc: A Bedtime Story'
vicpic: victimpics/jul02/orcbig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/jul02/orc.gif
votes: 2921
---

Once upon a time, when the world was young, the lands of men fought with
the Orcish horde in one game sequel after another. In the midst of these
turbulent times, one night when the moon was high and a pre-dawn mist
filtered through the hills and reeds, a very unusual Orc stepped out of
the barracks from where he'd been summoned.

He carried an axe just like his monstrous brothers, and although he had
the same green skin and patchwork armor, he stood less than a third of
their height and had oversized hands and feet. He was *The Littlest
Orc.*

Right away the bigger Orcs laughed at him. They called him stumpy or
patted him on the head. They said he could wear a +1 ring of dexterity
as a crown. And when he swung around his tiny little axe, they just
pointed their meaty green fingers and laughed.

That very morning, though, all of the Orcs were called together by the
great Shaman. He announced that they should roll out the great big
drums, for war was at hand. A great human army was attacking from the
North! The big Orcs all screamed and whooped, for they knew that war
meant one thing and one thing only: Glory and Loot! (Orcs don't count
very well.)

They waited with anticipation as the Shaman assigned the different
heroes to their tasks. Ugn-Grub would lead his horde down the valley of
the dancing stream to flank the humans from the West. Blorg-Grup would
take the mighty Orc siege engines around the great Northwest passage to
hit the human encampment from the flanks. Zorg and Blood-Bags would team
up to take out the rock golems guarding the sacred treasure within the
ruined temple of Bhleem. And Grug-Gabesh would lead the main force of
the horde to meet the humans head-on.

As the Orcs all grunted and hollered, the Shaman heard a tiny squeak
from the rear of the crowd. He held up his clawed hand for silence. The
Orcish horde parted to either side and at the end of a long column of
warriors stood The Littlest Orc, raising his chubby little hand. "What
about me, sir?" The Littlest Orc asked, blinking his big brown eyes.

At that, the great big Orcs all laughed and thumped their axes on the
ground with glee. "You're The LITTLEST ORC!" they hollered. "You're no
bigger than a baby human! You should stay here and kill mouses!" The
big, mean, jeering Orcs all pointed their big bony fingers at the tiny
little Orc and laughed so hard that they showered him with gooey spit.

The Shaman, though, looked carefully at an old scroll he'd reserved for
just such an occasion. "According to this ancient legend," he said in a
gravelly voice, silencing the crowd. "Up upon the hillock far to the
South, seven whole gold pieces are stored inside a tiny treasure chest,
along with some sort of artifact. This treasure is guarded by--" (and
here he paused and took a deep breath, for effect) "-- a level 1/2
Blanket Monster!" He folded up the scroll and shoved it absently back
into his robe. "Ordinarily the seven gold pieces wouldn't even be worth
the trip but hell, who's gonna miss 'im? GO GET THE BLANKET MONSTER,
LITTLE ORC!"

The big mean Orcs thought the mission was almost as hysterical as its
hero. They whirled their axes high in the air, banged on their drums,
and laughed until hoarse. The Littlest Orc felt the need to announce his
acceptance of the task, and he struggled to find the words to say.
"Don't you worry, sir," he squeaked proudly. "That vicious Blanket
Monster is as good as dead!" At this, the big Orcs broke all pretense of
military decorum and fell face first in the dirt, rolling about with
peals of laughter.

But The Littlest Orc was proud to serve his horde, and ecstatic that he
was trusted enough to be given his own solo mission. He set off
immediately to find his mount. Naturally, he was too small to ride a
wolf as some of the other Orcs did. Instead, he rode off to battle on a
small Persian kitten.

Many grueling hours later, The Littlest Orc found himself staring at the
den of the horrible beast he had been chosen to slay. It was nestled
in-between the roots of a smallish but regal maple tree. Empty peanut
shells were scattered about the gaping maw of the tiny cave, proof that
it had once been occupied by dangerous squirrels. The Littlest Orc
pulled his tiny axe out of his little belt and held it before him,
fearfully. "Come out, foul beast, and meet your maker!" he bellowed as
loudly as his little lungs would allow. He paused awkwardly. "I mean,
your *un*maker," he added. "I think."

With a puff of lint, the horrible monster emerged from his lair. It was
the dreaded level 1/2 Blanket Monster, a horrifying golem knitted
together in ages past by insidious old witches who would sew such
monstrosities together when they met on weekends before Bingo. It was
fluffy, the Blanket Monster, an animated blob of warm snuggly downy
blankets. The Littlest Orc reeled back from the horrifying comforter,
while his mount -- who was allergic -- sneezed.

When the beast lunged forward for its dreaded warm snuggle attack, The
Littlest Orc found within him a new power. He swung his axe and
connected! For many seconds the battle raged, and for an instant it
almost looked like the hero would suffer a warm, cuddly death. But
instead, The Littlest Orc drove his mighty axe home and the beast soon
lay shredded at his chubby little feet.

Panting from exertion, The Littlest Orc stepped forward and unhinged the
chest that was coiled within the downy heart of the soft beast. The
contents shimmered within and dazzling light played across the Orc's
little face. *Seven Gold Pieces!* Just as the prophecy foretold! And,
next to the treasure, a piece of swag unlike any The Littlest Orc had
expected...

No, really, not even I was ready for this.

It was a +24 Mithril Gauntlet of Egregious and Near Instantaneous
Irrevocable Unholy Destruction. It glowed with an unearthly light and
pulsated with ancient power emanating from the unspeakable runes
scrawled all over its surface. What was it doing there? Why did a
blanket beast guard it? Was it some sort of bug in the program? Not even
*I* can tell you, but there it was. What can I say?

Unfortunately, the giant gauntlet was far too big for The Littlest Orc.
He put his hand inside and it barely filled a finger. He could *sort of*
carry it if he wrapped his entire arm around the wrist, but when he
tried to mount his kitten this way, the two of them toppled over like
Fred's car in the closing credits of *The Flintstones*.

In fact, the only way he could manage to carry the gauntlet home was to
put it over his head -- the whole thing. The great glove came down to
just below his waist and the big giant fingers naturally curled into a
fist under their own weight. Although The Littlest Orc couldn't see a
thing this way, he somehow managed to get on board his kitten and the
two of them set off for home. It's fortunate that the kitten knew her
way, since The Littlest Orc's arms -- one inside the pinky and one
inside the thumb -- were of little use.

While this great adventure was happening, not all was going well for the
rest of the Orc horde. Ugn-Grub had been decimated by Dwarven snipers in
the trees, Blorg-Grup's siege engines had been ambushed and destroyed,
Zorg and Blood-Bags had been reduced to a reddish-green paste, and only
Grug-Gabesh stood between the raging allied army and the defeat of the
great Orc people.

The Orc armies rushed to regroup at the gates of their village, a
desperate last stand against the rush of mighty human opponents. They
burrowed into their hovels and fought savagely for every inch of turf,
but Grug-Gabesh knew that only a miracle could save them.

Suddenly, from the hills, a most curious sight! A Persian kitten
strolled through the underbrush, bearing on its back a gauntlet. Even
more astonishing, the gauntlet leapt off of the cat's back of its own
accord, for it had tiny little legs and big feet all its own. The
shimmering clenched fist walked -- rather, waddled -- right into the
battlefield, blindly stumbling around the feet of the combatants, until
it butted right up against the shin of Grug-Gabesh himself. Surely, it
was a sign!

Grug-Gabesh picked up the Gauntlet but discovered that there was no way
to put it on, because the wriggling feet were apparently attached and
something was inside it.

Undaunted, he grabbed the gauntlet and held it by both feet, then swung
it around his head and started hitting human knights with it. Wherever
the gauntlet struck, lightning shot from the sky and obliterated all
that it touched. Great arcs of fire and gore spewed out from the giant
metal fist as Grug-Gabesh whirled it to and fro. Amidst the noise and
carnage, you could hardly hear the tiny owches and oofs coming from
within the weapon.

The miracle turned the tide of battle, and soon the Orcs were on the
advance. Then the humans turned and fled, their broken army scattered to
the seven hills. A mighty roar rose from the throats of the triumphant
Orc warriors! But who was the hero?

A circle formed around Grug-Gabesh as he set the gauntlet to the ground.
It wobbled unsteadily, then plopped down onto its butt in a cloud of
dust. The great Shaman stepped forward. "To what do we owe this miracle
of battle?" he asked.

Grug-Gabesh stepped on the little feet, then yanked the gauntlet up into
the air, revealing -- well, you know what the gauntlet revealed.

"The Littlest Orc! It's The Littlest Orc!" the Orcish horde shouted,
pointing and screaming with joy. Grug-Gabesh looked down at the dizzy
little Orc on the ground, then up at the glove he held in his meaty
green hand. "No no," he corrected them, pointing. "It was *the
gauntlet*."

And the Orcs all agreed, not being very fluent in causal relationships.
"The gauntlet! The gauntlet!" they hollered gleefully. Beating their
drums, they carried the gauntlet aloft and gave it a royal reception.
They even carved a statue of it and, for generations, worshipped its
image.

But was The Littlest Orc upset? No, no he wasn't. Not at all. The
Littlest Orc wasn't concerned at all. Truth be told ... he couldn't
remember much, having been banged around inside the gauntlet like a bean
in a maraca. He didn't remember that he was the real hero of the battle.
More importantly, he couldn't remember *anything* -- not even the fact
that he was so tiny!

Which is why, two weeks later, he nearly suffocated inside a pair of
pants.