---
blurb: >
  Next time, let's put this guy in Unreal Tournament and give him a redeemer.
color: true
date: '2002-07-13'
history:
- date: '2002-12-18 01:18:48'
  votes:
  - 88
  - 7
  - 19
  - 20
  - 24
  - 60
  - 115
  - 200
  - 283
  - 910
- date: '2002-12-18 01:28:32'
  votes:
  - 88
  - 7
  - 19
  - 20
  - 24
  - 60
  - 115
  - 200
  - 283
  - 910
- date: '2003-04-05 18:36:53'
  votes:
  - 88
  - 7
  - 19
  - 20
  - 25
  - 60
  - 116
  - 202
  - 285
  - 921
- date: '2003-04-05 18:51:34'
  votes:
  - 88
  - 7
  - 19
  - 20
  - 25
  - 60
  - 116
  - 202
  - 285
  - 921
- date: '2003-08-12 17:11:01'
  votes:
  - 89
  - 9
  - 19
  - 21
  - 25
  - 60
  - 116
  - 203
  - 288
  - 939
- date: '2003-10-17 03:14:50'
  votes:
  - 89
  - 9
  - 20
  - 21
  - 25
  - 60
  - 117
  - 203
  - 289
  - 941
- date: '2003-12-14 07:23:21'
  votes:
  - 89
  - 9
  - 21
  - 21
  - 25
  - 60
  - 117
  - 203
  - 289
  - 948
- date: '2003-12-14 07:31:06'
  votes:
  - 89
  - 9
  - 21
  - 21
  - 25
  - 60
  - 117
  - 203
  - 289
  - 948
- date: '2004-02-10 21:45:16'
  votes:
  - 89
  - 9
  - 21
  - 21
  - 25
  - 60
  - 117
  - 204
  - 289
  - 954
- date: '2004-02-10 21:45:28'
  votes:
  - 89
  - 9
  - 21
  - 21
  - 25
  - 60
  - 117
  - 204
  - 289
  - 954
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 89
  - 9
  - 21
  - 21
  - 25
  - 60
  - 117
  - 204
  - 291
  - 962
id: 414
permalink: /414/we-now-return-live-to-the-observation-mode-of-bl00dlu5ts-tribes-ii-server-where-an-amazing-feat-is-soon-to-transpire/
score: 8.49
title: We now return LIVE to the observation mode of Bl00dlu5t's *Tribes II* server
  where an amazing feat is soon to transpire
vicpic: victimpics/jul02/colormicrophonebig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/jul02/colormicrophone.png
votes: 1818
---

Are we on? We on the air? Hello - oh - Hello and welcome ladies and
gentlemen, you've just tuned in and we're glad to have you here
reporting LIVE from the observation mode of Bl00dlu5t's *Tribes II*
server. It was on this very server no more than a week ago that Michael
"The Monk" Bulman, AKA The Mad Monk, took his very first inaugural
flight in a *Tribes II* vehicle and [unleashed a torrent of destruction
as one would shoot water from a hose](@/victim/404.md), almost all of
it completely unintentional. A grievous accident, as Mad Monk later
claimed, after apologizing to friends and family of the deceased and
recently respawned. He deeply regretted that incident and assured
everyone he would not attempt another flight using an aerial vehicle.

But that's neither here nor there ladies and gentlemen, no, today we're
to witness a historic feat of human will, Michael "The Monk" Bulman is
about to attempt to use a Wildcat grav cycle to completely jump the
mid-map chasm, sailing over the heads of no less than six teammates,
that's more than *double* the world record, you're hearing it here first
folks!

And here he comes now, he's cresting the hill on foot, this is only the
third time he's played the game he's not yet accustomed to using the
jetpack in fact this reporter isn't sure he knows it exists, but what a
sight faithful listeners! There's a low mist in the valley and on the
far horizon we can see the enemy base, just barely visible through the
haze, it's shooting out beams from sniper rifles like some sort of Rock
Concert light show, patchwork clouds above spaced enough to allow
streams of sunlight to roll across the terrain, now The Mad Monk is
stepping out of the shadow and into the light and there's almost a
surreal peacefulness about the air here this bright afternoon. For those
of you just joining us Michael "The Monk" Bulman is about to make a
death-defying record-breaking leap over the mid-map chasm on Bl00dlu5t's
*Tribes II* server, though nobody knows it yet but us.

Ah, he sees it! He sees the Wildcat cycle, it's glinting in the sun, the
motor is purring away, The Mad Monk is examining the vehicle and he's —
yes, yes, he's stepping aboard! Cheers in the press room as he boards
the Wildcat cycle for the first time in his abbreviated and often
disastrous *Tribes II* career — and you're listening to this historic
moment LIVE as it's happening. There's a hush, yes, he's not moving,
he's sitting very still on the Wildcat... There's some speculation among
the crowd here, we're not sure what we're seeing. Some suspect he's
lagged. Others are suggesting that he's trying to figure out how to get
*out* of the Wildcat, or is unsure how he got in, or perhaps both. He's
probably looking at his cardboard keyboard chart as we speak and WHOA,
whoa, he just LUNGED forward about three or four feet and skidded to a
stop. He's looking around, he's a little confused, but no, wait — wait
for it — yes, he's turning toward the chasm! He's got the Wildcat
facing the chasm and he's revving the motor, his teammates are running
around below, they're preparing to defend a flag runner, someone's
setting up a mobile resupply station down there they have NO idea I
repeat NO idea of the grim foreshadowing that's transpiring a few
hundred feet up the mountain, where Michael "The Monk" Bulman is about
to — what? Oh —

This just in! This just in! One of the Mad Monk's teammates is returning
with the enemy flag, he's badly injured but soaring toward this same
chasm from the other side. This is UNPRECIDENTED, a lone flag runner,
returning to base toward this very chasm where Michael "The Monk" Bulman
is about to attempt what surely amounts to vehicular suicide LIVE for a
radio audience —

LOOK OUT! Mad Monk just punched the gas, he's roaring toward a ridge
where he hopes to get enough lift to propel himself most of the way over
the enormous chasm toward the enemy base, he's really pushing that craft
to the limit. I can't even describe the sensation here in the booth as
we watch this pivotal moment transpiring before our very eyes — here he
goes — he's hit it! He hit the ridge at full speed, caught some air
annnndd... nope, not going to clear it.

In fact, he's hurtling STRAIGHT down the mountain at nearly the speed of
sound, he's got no control over his vehicle, at this point it's a
flame-belching bowling ball, a dead-weight projectile rocketing into a
cloud of teammates who have only just now paused to look skyward at this
hideous metal contraption roaring toward them like a meteorite
OOWWWHHH!! We've just watched a scout's limbs scattered to the four
winds and OOWWHH that heavy just BURST like a WATERMELLON and now
they're scrambling to get out of the way like cockroaches in a kitchen
light, what's this? What's this?

The flag carrier has landed and is attempting to replenish his supplies
at the mobile resupply station — GET OUT OF THE WAY! Get out of the
way! OOWWWH THE MAD MONK HAS JUST HIT THE RESUPPLY STATION, a mushroom
cloud of molten metal just erupted from the scene of impact, teammates
are running away, they're typing frantically, it's a scene of carnage
and devastation here LIVE on Bl00dlu5t's *Tribes II* server where it
appears that nothing remains of the flag carrier but half of a limbless
torso whirling through the air and spewing blood into the sky like a
Fourth of July pinwheel and wait! WAIT!

From the black billowing smoke emerges Michael "The Monk" Bulman! He's
got the flag! He's got the flag! We truly are witnessing a momentous
occasion, from the jaws of molten death The Mad Monk is alive and
carrying the enemy flag, hang on, he's still running, he's running
across the chasm floor, he's going TOWARD the enemy base, no, no I don't
think he realizes he has the flag, in fact, I'm not sure he knows that
this is a Capture-the-Flag game at all. He's yelling "Cover me, Cover
me," his teammates are frantically typing to him, it's doing no good,
Michael "The Monk" Bulman has a monitor resolution of 200x150 and can't
see their text, now he's into enemy territory, carnage all around but
he's stopping — yes — yes he's now pausing and he's about to attempt
to resupply himself at an enemy turret OHHH! He's just been reduced to a
sickening rain of colorful human confetti.

And now, only silence on the field of battle, well, silence but for the
weeping. The weeping that I suspect will go on for quite some time. So
much weeping, and ... the weeping. Now, back to the studio for some
post-disaster highlights...