---
blurb: >
  This thing'll be hot. It's got all the essential ingredients: You have to kill a
  dragon to keep a ring from an evil wizard who's raising an army of undead to fight
  the orcish hoarde and you're secretly a God. How can it fail?
color: false
date: '2002-07-19'
history:
- date: '2002-11-25 10:07:53'
  votes:
  - 73
  - 23
  - 9
  - 20
  - 44
  - 82
  - 150
  - 237
  - 280
  - 567
- date: '2002-11-25 10:12:17'
  votes:
  - 73
  - 23
  - 9
  - 20
  - 44
  - 82
  - 150
  - 237
  - 280
  - 567
- date: '2003-02-04 18:27:34'
  votes:
  - 73
  - 23
  - 9
  - 20
  - 44
  - 83
  - 150
  - 240
  - 281
  - 576
- date: '2003-02-04 18:31:00'
  votes:
  - 73
  - 23
  - 9
  - 20
  - 44
  - 83
  - 150
  - 240
  - 281
  - 576
- date: '2003-08-06 03:44:46'
  votes:
  - 75
  - 23
  - 9
  - 21
  - 44
  - 83
  - 154
  - 245
  - 285
  - 600
- date: '2004-02-29 17:26:28'
  votes:
  - 75
  - 23
  - 10
  - 21
  - 44
  - 83
  - 155
  - 246
  - 290
  - 613
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 75
  - 23
  - 10
  - 21
  - 44
  - 83
  - 155
  - 247
  - 290
  - 616
id: 419
permalink: /419/i-have-a-plan-for-a-neverwinter-scenario-so-incredible-itll-melt-the-skin-off-of-your-body/
score: 8.08
title: I have a plan for a Neverwinter scenario so incredible it'll melt the *skin*
  off of your *body!*
vicpic: victimpics/jul02/ringleaderbig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/jul02/ringleader.gif
votes: 1583
---

\[Part 1 of a 5-part Daily Victim special\]

Hear me now, friends! What I'm proposing is a feat so incredible, so
unimaginable, so undeniable that it'll make us rips of cash and propel
us into game developer glory.

I call it ... *DwarfSmack.*

You see, the *Neverwinter Nights* toolset for creating RPG adventures is
rich and flexible, but difficult to use. To date, the only fully
fleshed-out scenario completed as planned was a cross-dressing sim by
some creepy guy in Belgium. But I'm going to MAKE HISTORY! The field is
wide open for someone to create a modification that'll redefine roleplay
as we know it. A modification so cool that it spawns a life of its own.
That's right. I'm aiming to be nothing less than the *Counter-Strike* of
*Neverwinter Nights*.

How will I generate revenue, you ask? I didn't take that Business
elective my Sophomore year of High School for nothing! I've done a
little research and checked into this online payment company called
*PayDar*. If people like my scenario, they can just log into PayDar to
drop us a $10 DwarfSmack donation. It may not make us a fortune, but it
should be enough money to buy all the D&D sourcebooks we'll ever need.

Of course, to make my master plan materialize, I'll need more than just
my incredible idea (no spoilers, but let's just say it's got *Dwarves*,
*Guns*, *Teargas*, *Parachutes*, and a fully-integrated *Lemonade Stand*
simulation). No, I'll need the talent to make the dream come alive.
That's why I've canvassed my neighborhood for the most balls-out,
whacked-up, juiced-out artist and programmer I can find. This
development team is *invincible.* Lemme tell you about who we got
here...

{% css_class(class="left clear") %}
![](/img/victimpics/jul02/artguy.gif) **The secret to my artistic success
lies in the subtle science of drawing only the absolute minimum amount
of clothing on any Elven chick.**  
 You take your average Elven chick, right? That's good, that's a good
start. Now, then you gotta figure out your options. Something like
see-through chainmail. Mind you, some artists settle, but I never stop.
Ask yourself: Does that bikini-top absolutely *need* that strap to stay
attached? My answer? Not when the chick's got *Magic*. Of course a
well-placed leaf can make entire bits of clothing utterly optional. I'm
the man who invented the one-cup strapless spider-silk bikini top, ain't
nobody gonna take that away from me. Art like that has [strange effects
on people](@/victim/406.md), don't ask me why.
{% end %}

{% css_class(class="left clear") %}
![](/img/victimpics/jul02/aiguy.gif)**The current *Neverwinter*
artificial intelligence is but a yapping addle-headed shadow of its
ultimate potential**  
 When I was approached to be the lead scripting and AI coder for this
incorrigible "DwarfSmack" project, at first I balked. But Dave, the
ringleader, promised me an unfettered development environment and a
financial opportunity too good to pass up. To date my scripting
experiments have been precluded, time and again, by plebian reprobates
asking that I not take up ten machines at once in the campus computer
labs. Can't their infantile brains see when something is bigger than
them?
{% end %}

*Neverwinter's* characters, like you and I, react in predetermined ways
to a set of variables from their environment -- to date these variables
have been limited to trifles such as swords and monsters. What if we
expanded the scope of their activities with relational databases and the
ability to adjust behaviors based on learned experiences? What then?
Late last night, as I pondered a perplexing issue of designing a script
capable of self-modification, one of the little NPCs in the game I had
been working on looked up at me and said: "Father?"

My work here has only begun. Let us bring on this ... "DwarfSmack."

\[To be continued!\]
