---
blurb: >
  Yessir, I'd like to think I'm protecting the decent people of the Internet -- and
  by that I mean legitimate midget pornographers -- from the ravages of the so-called
  "Artificial Intelligence." Bah, and, BAH.
color: false
date: '2002-07-24'
history:
- date: '2002-12-25 02:01:33'
  votes:
  - 50
  - 8
  - 12
  - 15
  - 33
  - 51
  - 80
  - 188
  - 238
  - 886
- date: '2002-12-25 02:13:05'
  votes:
  - 50
  - 8
  - 12
  - 15
  - 33
  - 51
  - 80
  - 188
  - 238
  - 886
- date: '2003-02-04 18:14:44'
  votes:
  - 50
  - 8
  - 12
  - 15
  - 33
  - 51
  - 80
  - 188
  - 241
  - 889
- date: '2003-02-04 18:20:47'
  votes:
  - 50
  - 8
  - 12
  - 15
  - 33
  - 51
  - 80
  - 188
  - 241
  - 889
- date: '2003-04-08 22:00:11'
  votes:
  - 50
  - 8
  - 12
  - 15
  - 33
  - 52
  - 80
  - 188
  - 241
  - 894
- date: '2003-04-08 22:07:34'
  votes:
  - 50
  - 8
  - 12
  - 15
  - 33
  - 52
  - 80
  - 188
  - 241
  - 894
- date: '2003-10-13 00:49:24'
  votes:
  - 51
  - 8
  - 12
  - 15
  - 34
  - 52
  - 81
  - 193
  - 243
  - 925
- date: '2003-12-14 22:15:27'
  votes:
  - 51
  - 8
  - 12
  - 15
  - 34
  - 52
  - 82
  - 194
  - 244
  - 930
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 51
  - 8
  - 12
  - 15
  - 34
  - 53
  - 83
  - 194
  - 245
  - 941
id: 423
permalink: /423/cmon-boys-its-time-to-bust-us-some-roleplayin-freaks/
score: 8.72
title: C'mon, boys. It's time to bust us some roleplayin' freaks.
vicpic: victimpics/jul02/copsbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/jul02/cops.png
votes: 1652
---

\[The conclusion of a 5-part Daily Victim special! [Start at the
beginning](@/victim/419.md)\]

Wednesday, 7:47 PM. Me and Charlie followed headquarter's instructions
and found the cabin in the woods, just as they described. We pulled up
with the lights blaring, hoping to scare the pants offa some scum. What
we saw wasn't a surprise at all: three slovenly bastards, young guys all
of 'em, trying to high-tail it out of there in a run-down VW Bus.

"Well, well, what we got here?" I said, blaring a spotlight into their
windshield. "A [freak](@/victim/419.md), an
[egghead](@/victim/422.md), and a [hippie](@/victim/421.md).
Classic profile of midget-pornographers, am I right?"

"Honestly officer," said the obvious ringleader, lifting his hands
outside of the VW submissively. "We're not pornographers, really."

"Well, except for this guy," said the second of the suspects, a trim
hacker-type with glasses. He shot a thumb over his shoulder. "He's into
elf-porn."

"It's not porn!" cried out the long-haired one from the back seat. "It's
ART, with the nipples just barely covered!"

Me and Charlie were just about to run 'em up when the ringleader stepped
out of the car and assured us if we would just step inside, he'd explain
everything. We got inside the cabin and I'll be damned if it wasn't the
funniest thing -- some kind of [computer-guy's
paradise](@/victim/420.md) with little plastic Yodas on top of PC
monitors and empty cans of Mountain Dew all over the floor. There were
no less than ten computers, and on all of 'em was some sort of -- one of
them there fantasy roleplayin' games.

"Hooool-ey! Check it out!" Charlie whooped, pointing at the screen.
"Them elves is mostly naked!" He sat down to play and added, "Well, not
really naked, I mean, naked enough sos you feel dirty, but not so naked
that you feel the guilty a bein' dirty with 'em, you know?"

I didn't know, but thought I'd sit down all the same. Turns out that
this here "*Neverwinter Nights*," as it was called, was a pretty cool
game, and these kids were just makin' one of them user-made
modifications for it.

The ringleader explained it all to us. "See, you can click you mouse --
like that -- to walk around. And chat using this, like so. See the
shopkeeper? You can walk up to him, and he'll sell you things. We've
tweaked it so that it's the most advanced artificial intelligence you'll
ever see in any video game ever."

I walked up to the shopkeeper and offered to buy a sword.

"LOOK OUT!!" cried the shopkeeper on the computer monitor. "IT'S THE
FUZZ!!"

"You'll never take us alive, pork-choppers!" typed out another of the
little computer townspeople.

I swiveled around in my chair. "Just what's going on here?" I asked.
"Are these little computer people up to something we should know about?"

"I assure you," said the tall poindexter with the glasses, raising his
hands defensively, "I am almost completely, well, to a large extent,
mostly pretty much fairly innocent with regards to whatever is going on
on that computer right now. The last three or four generations of AI
basically programmed themselves."

I swiveled back around and pecked into the keyboard, "What's your
problem?"

"You're our problem, fatty!" screeched a tiny townswoman on the PC.

"That's right doughnut-dunkers!" added the shopkeeper. "Yeah, you pigs
better believe that we hacked into that PayDar site and switched the
accounts over so that we could pull in $25K in an evening. After all, we
live in the computer. And there ain't a DAMN thing you can do about it!"

And with that, all the little townspeople on the computer screen
proceeded to kill me and Charlie's characters. I gotta say, I was TEE'd
OFF. I stood up and unholstered my gun. "BOOK 'EM, CHARLIE!" I said.

Charlie looked, uncomfortably, at his computer screen. "What do you
mean?"

"I said BOOK 'EM! Run 'em up! Read 'em their rights!"

"Uh, you have the right ... to not type anything into chat..." Charlie
stuttered, pointing his gun at the screen.

"Help us!" cried the little *Neverwinter* computer people to the three
nerds, who now huddled in the corner, baffled.

"Shut your yap-hole!" I barked, tapping the screen with my gun.
"Charlie, put these bastards into the car."

One by one, Charlie and I unloaded the protesting computers into the
back of our patrol car. As we got ready to leave, the tall
programmer-type with the glasses burst out of the cabin and clawed his
greasy fingers against my beautiful squad car.

"No! No officer! Don't arrest my babies!" he bellowed like the trailer
trash he probably was. "You don't understand! The human race is destined
to be *Evil!* It's only a matter of time! [I've just proved it
algorithmically!](@/victim/422.md)"

Like I have time to worry about the human race. I'm a cop. I gunned the
gas and drove off, leaving the egghead and his two friends in a dusty
wake of pine needles and gravel.

It's a dirty job. That's why we wear starchy uniforms.