---
blurb: >
  "Will you STOP playing that GAME and TAKE OUT THE TRASH?" she asked. "Well, which
  is it gonna be?" I answered.
color: true
date: '2002-08-18'
history:
- date: '2002-12-25 02:05:37'
  votes:
  - 47
  - 11
  - 15
  - 33
  - 31
  - 54
  - 102
  - 258
  - 266
  - 925
- date: '2003-04-21 23:46:48'
  votes:
  - 47
  - 11
  - 15
  - 33
  - 31
  - 55
  - 104
  - 260
  - 269
  - 933
- date: '2003-04-21 23:48:20'
  votes:
  - 47
  - 11
  - 15
  - 33
  - 31
  - 55
  - 104
  - 260
  - 269
  - 933
- date: '2003-08-24 16:30:09'
  votes:
  - 47
  - 11
  - 15
  - 33
  - 31
  - 56
  - 105
  - 263
  - 275
  - 945
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 47
  - 11
  - 16
  - 33
  - 31
  - 57
  - 106
  - 267
  - 280
  - 972
id: 444
permalink: /444/miscommunication-is-the-cornerstone-of-any-dysfunctional-gamer-relationship/
score: 8.64
title: Miscommunication is the cornerstone of any dysfunctional gamer relationship
vicpic: victimpics/aug02/colordodbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/aug02/colordod.png
votes: 1837
---

It took days of smooth-talking to settle things down after [my
girlfriend thought I called her mother a Nazi](@/victim/437.md), when
in fact I was just playing an intense game of *Day of Defeat*. So,
needless to say, once the weekend rolled around and things had cooled
off, I was jonesin' to get back into the game.

There I was, crouched behind some underbrush, the weight of my BAR heavy
in my hand. Before me was the last bridge through Schwetzingen, having
miraculously escaped allied shelling. And beyond its rusty frame stood a
grim line of old brick homes, their faces shorn free from the bombing.
Some stood almost in tact, others were little more than rubble. But each
ruined building was a maze of erect walls and open windows. And
somewhere in that debris lurked Der Wulfe, the sniper that had
terrorized our attempts to push across.

"Honey, could you take out the trash?" my girlfriend called out from the
kitchen.

"Oh yes," I replied. "It's time to *take out the trash.*"

I swung the barrel of my gun slowly over to peer through the upraised
struts of the bridge and at a likely hiding spot nestled between a
broken wall and an overturned armoire. Was that where I'd seen the
muzzle flash?

"I'm serious, my mom is almost here. You gotta take the garbage out."

"Take ... him ... out..." I whispered, slowly shifting my mouse to peer
inside a darkened window. Could he have gotten up there?

"We've gotta clean house," she said.

"Oh yeah," I replied. "We're gonna *clean house.* Soon as we *take out
the trash,* werd."

What was that? Protruding from the rubble? The barrel of a gun? Yes ...
yes, and behind it, the top of a German helmet, almost indistinguishable
from the shapeless gray pile of debris. *DER WULFE*.

"This is gonna be fun," my girl called to me from the other room as I
leveled my BAR and squeezed the trigger. Bullets shattered the
tranquility, and bricks exploded under a hail of gunfire. I saw the
barrel of his gun sweep up into the air, then a flash of gray uniform as
he took off running. "I really miss my mother, don't you?"

"I missed that little bitch!" I cried out.