---
blurb: >
  And another thing. I hate how Murray pats on my armored head every time he walks
  by.
color: false
date: '2002-08-27'
history:
- date: '2002-12-23 01:21:53'
  votes:
  - 57
  - 18
  - 28
  - 29
  - 49
  - 95
  - 169
  - 314
  - 307
  - 729
- date: '2003-02-04 18:16:33'
  votes:
  - 57
  - 18
  - 28
  - 29
  - 49
  - 95
  - 172
  - 315
  - 309
  - 734
- date: '2003-02-04 18:19:49'
  votes:
  - 57
  - 18
  - 28
  - 29
  - 49
  - 95
  - 172
  - 315
  - 309
  - 734
- date: '2003-04-09 14:50:51'
  votes:
  - 57
  - 18
  - 28
  - 29
  - 50
  - 96
  - 173
  - 316
  - 312
  - 744
- date: '2003-07-27 19:17:36'
  votes:
  - 57
  - 18
  - 28
  - 29
  - 50
  - 97
  - 173
  - 318
  - 318
  - 764
- date: '2003-07-27 23:04:54'
  votes:
  - 57
  - 18
  - 28
  - 29
  - 50
  - 97
  - 173
  - 318
  - 318
  - 764
- date: '2003-08-12 23:02:40'
  votes:
  - 57
  - 18
  - 28
  - 29
  - 50
  - 97
  - 173
  - 320
  - 318
  - 766
- date: '2003-08-13 01:08:23'
  votes:
  - 57
  - 18
  - 28
  - 29
  - 50
  - 97
  - 173
  - 320
  - 318
  - 766
- date: '2003-10-06 15:58:31'
  votes:
  - 57
  - 18
  - 28
  - 30
  - 50
  - 98
  - 175
  - 321
  - 319
  - 770
- date: '2003-12-18 10:08:20'
  votes:
  - 57
  - 18
  - 28
  - 30
  - 51
  - 98
  - 175
  - 322
  - 325
  - 777
- date: '2003-12-18 10:10:32'
  votes:
  - 57
  - 18
  - 28
  - 30
  - 51
  - 98
  - 175
  - 322
  - 325
  - 777
- date: '2004-02-25 02:40:29'
  votes:
  - 58
  - 18
  - 28
  - 30
  - 51
  - 98
  - 175
  - 322
  - 329
  - 784
- date: '2004-02-25 02:43:04'
  votes:
  - 58
  - 18
  - 28
  - 30
  - 51
  - 98
  - 175
  - 322
  - 329
  - 784
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 58
  - 18
  - 28
  - 30
  - 51
  - 99
  - 175
  - 325
  - 333
  - 794
id: 452
permalink: /452/our-company-will-go-to-great-lengths-to-ensure-that-we-keep-our-qa-department/
score: 8.21
title: Our company will go to great lengths to ensure that we keep our QA department
vicpic: victimpics/aug02/fullplatebig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/aug02/fullplate.gif
votes: 1938
---

Here at Digital Mirage Entertainment, nothing is more important to us
than good, tight quality assurance. That's why we had nearly one
full-time guy on staff to playtest our latest game: His name was Jake.
Jake was the curious sort. Played a lot of live-action *Vampire*. Loved
SCA. Would occasionally wear a cloak to work and proudly showed off how
he had his D&D 3rd edition book rebound in a waterproof cover "In case
we play another game down in the sewers." Nice guy and all, Jake,
although the Cap'n Crunch that was spilled all over his desk and cubicle
floor was a little annoying. Especially the way it would crunch under
his chair. Still, when you're making an RPG game, Jake is exactly the
guy you want testing your game balance. If there was an exploit, Jake
would find it.

Sometimes he would threaten the programmers with a broadsword.

Anyways, three weeks ago Jake quit in order to move to Alaska and raise
sled dogs. This was a pretty scary time in the programming department --
we didn't know how we could continue making our game without good
Quality Assurance from the only man anal enough to notice that we'd
incorrectly modeled the Pembroke helm. After a few tense days Murray,
our programming lead, called a special conference.

"The search for a new QA guy hasn't gone well," Murray explained. "And
times are hard, so if management discovers that we've gotten along
without Quality Assurance for a whole week, they may cut that position
out of the budget entirely." At this, the whole room rumbled in a panic.
"No no! Settle down, we'll make it through this," he told everyone. "I
had the foresight to *not* actually show them Jake's resignation. As far
as they know, he still works here."

We shifted uncomfortably in our seats as that news sunk in and waited
for the plan.

"We need only to ensure that they continue to think Jake is an employee
for the duration of the crisis, until we manage to find a replacement,"
Murray continued. "Right! So, here's the action plan: Dan, buy some
Cap'n Crunch and scatter it around his cubicle periodically. Bryan, I
want you to randomly scatter around his notes and paperwork every
morning. Pete, be sure to throw all of your old lunch wrappers into
Jake's wastebasket."

"But what about Jake *himself?*" I protested. "Surely they'll notice
he's not walking in every morning!"

Holding back a smirk, Murray strolled over to a man-sized object in the
corner, covered in a sheet. He unfurled it with a proud snap of the
wrists: "See here, I've purchased an entire suit of platemail armor!"
Murray said with a flourish. "We'll simply rotate who comes in in the
armor every morning. Steve, Mondays it's all you. Bryan? Tuesdays. I'll
come in Wendesday, and so on and so on."

"In *fact*," Murray continued, muffling our protests. "The salary that
we *would* be paying Jake is all going toward a perverse assortment of
strange medieval clothes, swords, and helmets designed to obscure the
face. Management won't know the difference."

Several of us were opposed to the plan, but Murray rose to his full
imposing height and slammed a palm down on the conference room table.
"I'm the boss!" he boomed. "Now *put on the helmet!*"

Anyways, since today is Tuesday, well, here I am. I can barely see a
thing, but I *believe* that I am, in fact, sitting in Jake's cubicle. I
can't type in these gauntlets, so I'm just staring at the latest build
of our game. Which reminds me. Do you know how hard it is to go to the
bathroom in this? I didn't think so.