---
blurb: >
  Okay, fine, but this time *I'll* drive the Jeep. Well, okay, I'll wait here and
  you bring it over. You might want to slow down ... WAAaaaahh!
color: false
date: '2002-09-06'
history:
- date: '2002-12-23 00:49:20'
  votes:
  - 51
  - 22
  - 15
  - 24
  - 26
  - 65
  - 157
  - 278
  - 351
  - 1080
- date: '2002-12-23 01:08:25'
  votes:
  - 51
  - 22
  - 15
  - 24
  - 26
  - 65
  - 157
  - 278
  - 351
  - 1080
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 66
  - 26
  - 16
  - 29
  - 36
  - 74
  - 180
  - 345
  - 429
  - 1540
id: 458
permalink: /458/you-want-to-play-battlefield-again-what-youre-missing-a-hood-ornament/
score: 8.74
title: You want to play *Battlefield* again? What, you're missing a hood ornament?
vicpic: victimpics/sept02/soupangrybig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/sept02/soupangry.png
votes: 2768
---

No way, Crenshaw! I'm not joining your game tonight. Not on your server.
Not on your team. No how.

Last time we played I spent the majority of the battle for Wake Island
on the hood of your jeep. I didn't intend to be there. In fact, usually
my last fateful words were "wait up!" just before you slammed on the
gas. I've heard the excuses. "The Japs were on the bridge!" you say. I'm
not buying it. One second our base looked to be secure, the next thing I
know I had a pair of windshield wipers up my nostrils.

Playing on a server with you is like filming an episode of TJ Hooker.
No, wait, it's like being an extra on the set of *Grand Theft Auto.* You
know, I'm certain that there *are* Japanese people, perhaps storming the
beaches from this "Japanese Imperial Navy" that I've heard talked up
about, but I never see them. That's because nine times out of ten
there's a front grille filling my monitor. One time I was running for a
tank and you yelled "Look out for the Japs!" and then I got hit from
behind by your jeep and dragged fifty, maybe sixty yards. "That was
close," you said. *What* was close, Crenshaw? Did I almost make it to
the tank alive, do you mean?

You know another thing I find suspicious? When I hit the "scorecard"
button, there's only two people on the server — you and me. I'll be
walking around our bases, waiting for word about the whereabouts of the
enemy, and you'll be yelling "Japs! Japs!" and suddenly my helmet is
washing your windows. You know, I'm beginning to think — I'm beginning
to think you might be doing it on *purpose*, Crenshaw. Come to think of
it, what about the time I saw you hiding behind the bunker revving your
engine and asking where I was? Were there any Japs behind the bunker,
Crenshaw? Be honest, now.