---
blurb: "\\*Blee-deee-beeeep!\\*  \n \\#\\# We're sorry, you have reached a number\
  \ that is discconnected or no longer in service. If you feel you have reached this\
  \ recording in error, please check the number and try your call again. \\#\\#\n"
color: true
date: '2000-11-11'
errata:
- Added link to 31 for "I imagined the bats"
history:
- date: '2002-10-09 04:55:49'
  votes:
  - 76
  - 13
  - 24
  - 31
  - 39
  - 41
  - 100
  - 182
  - 204
  - 1390
- date: '2002-12-05 17:52:32'
  votes:
  - 76
  - 13
  - 24
  - 32
  - 40
  - 42
  - 101
  - 187
  - 211
  - 1445
- date: '2003-02-04 16:32:48'
  votes:
  - 78
  - 13
  - 24
  - 32
  - 40
  - 43
  - 102
  - 188
  - 217
  - 1490
- date: '2003-04-06 18:12:35'
  votes:
  - 79
  - 15
  - 25
  - 33
  - 41
  - 44
  - 103
  - 194
  - 222
  - 1512
- date: '2003-08-02 18:02:35'
  votes:
  - 80
  - 15
  - 25
  - 33
  - 42
  - 46
  - 106
  - 198
  - 231
  - 1559
- date: '2003-10-06 16:02:22'
  votes:
  - 81
  - 15
  - 25
  - 34
  - 45
  - 47
  - 109
  - 202
  - 235
  - 1582
- date: '2004-02-28 03:59:25'
  votes:
  - 83
  - 16
  - 25
  - 35
  - 47
  - 49
  - 112
  - 214
  - 244
  - 1636
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 85
  - 16
  - 25
  - 36
  - 49
  - 52
  - 116
  - 219
  - 247
  - 1666
id: 46
permalink: /46/nightshift-tech-support-is-an-abyss-of-pure-screaming-horror/
score: 8.77
title: Night-shift Tech Support Is an Abyss of Pure, Screaming Horror
vicpic: victimpics/colorjoltbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/colorjolt.png
votes: 2548
---

Hello this is CompuBuddy tech support hello could you describe the
problem no wait first let me describe mine nobody believes me they never
believe me they haven't listened to a word I said since September when
[I imagined the bats](@/victim/31.md) in the conference room late at
night because I accidently grabbed a can of condensed air instead of my
8th can of Jolt Cola and burped myself into a hallucinogenic stupor
during a particularly grueling shift during the one night when I worked
at the coffee shop all day and tech support phones all night and hadn't
slept for 64 hours just like tonight EXCEPT tonight is real I swear I
was answering the phones and arguing with this woman who [spilled Zima
in her boyfriend's Counter-Strike server](@/victim/16.md) and I heard
this thump and then there was SOMEONE GET THESE ANTS OFF OF ME! and I
saw someone standing in our parking lot and he was [waving a sword and
complaining about his ping](@/victim/39.md) and prophesying the doom
of the end of the armageddon or the world or something and I NEED SOME
MORE SODA and I called up my boss on his cell phone and woke him up and
he was mad and called me a Choad and said to lay off the caffeine and
reminded me of the time I barricaded myself in the office supply closet
and OH GOD MY EYES ARE MOVING INDEPENDENTLY OF ONE ANOTHER so I had
another Jolt to calm down and then looked outside and saw he was in fact
real and on the roof of our truck breaking windows and then he saw me
and I ducked and I CAN NO LONGER FIND MY OTHER HAND smashing the glass
and coming through into the building and the sword was over his head and
I was running and all of my customers were on hold but how could I hope
to explain and who could I turn to? MY HEART HAS CEASED BEATING WITH ANY
DISCERNABLE RHYTHM and now he's tearing out the cables from the phone
closet and quoting scripture I never heard of and there's no one here to
help me but a phone full of angry callers and [that woman we just hired
in the server room who attacks anyone who comes near](@/victim/41.md)
look at that I'VE GROWN AN EXTRA APPENDAGE CONTAINING A SINGLE ORIFICE
THROUGH WHICH IT SPEAKS, HEARS, AND EATS if you are still there call the
police the BUTTONS HAVE FLED THE PHONE and good God the man with the
sword is heading toward the server room, AND NOW THE WOMAN IN THERE HAS
GOT A DESK FAN WITH THE FINGER GUARD REMOVED SHE'S COMING RIGHT AT HIM
Ohhh! Ohhh!!!

\[Transcript ends abruptly with thud of techie hitting the floor,
following the the gratting rattle of metal on metal and distant
screams.\]