---
blurb: >
  Worst part was I lost my copy of *Diablo II*. But, hell, I got a story from it,
  you know?
color: false
date: '2002-09-08'
history:
- date: '2002-10-23 09:52:37'
  votes:
  - 65
  - 10
  - 24
  - 17
  - 35
  - 54
  - 93
  - 213
  - 355
  - 1010
- date: '2002-12-23 00:46:14'
  votes:
  - 65
  - 10
  - 25
  - 18
  - 35
  - 55
  - 95
  - 219
  - 362
  - 1030
- date: '2002-12-23 01:30:01'
  votes:
  - 65
  - 10
  - 25
  - 18
  - 35
  - 55
  - 95
  - 219
  - 362
  - 1030
- date: '2003-04-09 17:19:32'
  votes:
  - 69
  - 10
  - 25
  - 19
  - 35
  - 56
  - 96
  - 222
  - 367
  - 1046
- date: '2003-04-09 17:39:31'
  votes:
  - 69
  - 10
  - 25
  - 19
  - 35
  - 56
  - 96
  - 222
  - 367
  - 1046
- date: '2003-10-06 14:14:24'
  votes:
  - 70
  - 11
  - 25
  - 19
  - 36
  - 57
  - 100
  - 227
  - 372
  - 1069
- date: '2003-12-18 10:17:32'
  votes:
  - 71
  - 11
  - 25
  - 20
  - 36
  - 58
  - 100
  - 228
  - 372
  - 1079
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 74
  - 11
  - 25
  - 22
  - 38
  - 59
  - 105
  - 232
  - 377
  - 1099
id: 460
permalink: /460/lemme-tell-you-about-the-geek-that-got-away/
score: 8.6
title: Lemme tell you about the geek that got away...
vicpic: victimpics/sept02/geekfishingbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/sept02/geekfishing.png
votes: 2066
---

*Welcome back! In case you just joined us, Jimmy here has set himself up
near a Starbucks just on the edge of the University Campus.*

Yah, you see, the cool weather and the proximity to the Starbucks makes
this here rock I'm sitting on great for geeking. Shh, keep your voice
down, but look down there, across the grass -- yep, a Software Etc.
store. Geeks congregate there. That makes this area here between the two
sorta a geek thoroughfare, practically a spawning ground.

*Is that so?*

You gotta learn to watch their habits. You'll see a few wander by this
afternoon, stop at the software place, then come over here for some tall
ridiculously overpriced jug of coffee before heading back to the
Computer lab or dorm rooms. They won't come out again until at least two
in the morning.

*And what are you using as bait there?*

Oh, right, this is a fresh copy of uh, *The Thing*. Feel that? Still
warm. Geeks are a picky species. You know. You can't bait 'em with
yesterday's games. Until a couple of weeks ago I was using *Morrowind*,
but now most of 'em have it. Earlier this year they couldn't get enough
of *Medal of Honor*. I'll tell you something, The day *Battlefield 1942*
comes out, it's gonna be a feeding FRENZY. I'm gonna bring my pickup
truck. Whoa! Look here, we got a nibble.

*What kind of geek is that?*

Judging by the hair I'd say he's one of those A/V geeks, you know, when
he's not playing games he's in the video editing lab or playing with the
audio board in the student playhouse. Yeh, yep he sees it -- he's
looking around -- now, you don't want to pull up on your software too
fast, you gotta wait for 'em to really take it. Okay, he's reading the
back of the box. Kid probably has *The Thing* on DVD already. More
likely he has a burn from the 'net. Oh, here he goes, he's putting it
into his bookbag -- Hiii-YYAAHH!

*Wow, he's really putting up a fight. Ooh, now he's on all fours.*

Tricky buggers, ain't they? Geeks are, by their nature, a smart species.
Just last week I had a calculus geek actually bite through the line.
Walked off scott-free with a copy of the *Fellowship of the Ring* DVD.
Here, help me get this guy up onto the rock so we can take a look at
him.

*That's a fine geek you've got there.*

Yep, this one looks like a Freshman, though. Let's throw this little guy
back. He might someday run the projector in the student center! Run
along, geek! Get outta here!

*What's your favorite geek story?*

Ah yah, everyone's got one. The Geek that got away. Yeah, it was a
200-pounder, a kid in a black *Akira* Tee-shirt. Probably a Junior.
Engineering major, I think. I had a Collector's Edition *Diablo II* out
there and he went for the whole thing, tucked it right into his gut with
both hammy arms. I tugged, he tugged back, we musta fought for a half an
hour. *The Old Man and the Geek*, as Hemmingway might have said. You
know what? He finally drug my truck over 200 feet before my line finally
snapped. He ran right into traffic, he did, but kept on going. Oh yah.
That was the one. You don't often get one of *those* on your line.