---
blurb: >
  I turned to scowl at Denny, but he just looked back with wide eyes. "Well, you gotta
  admit," he said. "We just 0WNZED that bunker."
color: false
date: '2002-09-10'
history:
- date: '2002-10-22 04:11:46'
  votes:
  - 48
  - 15
  - 16
  - 20
  - 46
  - 68
  - 157
  - 306
  - 441
  - 1457
- date: '2002-10-22 04:19:00'
  votes:
  - 48
  - 15
  - 16
  - 20
  - 46
  - 68
  - 157
  - 306
  - 441
  - 1457
- date: '2002-12-23 06:28:36'
  votes:
  - 48
  - 15
  - 17
  - 20
  - 46
  - 69
  - 159
  - 314
  - 450
  - 1493
- date: '2003-02-04 16:22:22'
  votes:
  - 49
  - 15
  - 17
  - 20
  - 47
  - 70
  - 161
  - 326
  - 477
  - 1634
- date: '2003-02-04 16:26:06'
  votes:
  - 49
  - 15
  - 17
  - 20
  - 47
  - 70
  - 161
  - 326
  - 477
  - 1634
- date: '2003-04-09 21:23:04'
  votes:
  - 51
  - 15
  - 17
  - 21
  - 47
  - 71
  - 162
  - 330
  - 489
  - 1676
- date: '2003-06-25 18:13:39'
  votes:
  - 52
  - 15
  - 17
  - 21
  - 47
  - 72
  - 165
  - 334
  - 491
  - 1697
- date: '2003-08-12 23:04:16'
  votes:
  - 52
  - 15
  - 17
  - 21
  - 47
  - 73
  - 165
  - 336
  - 494
  - 1711
- date: '2003-08-13 00:15:09'
  votes:
  - 52
  - 15
  - 17
  - 21
  - 47
  - 73
  - 165
  - 336
  - 494
  - 1711
- date: '2003-10-10 01:43:43'
  votes:
  - 52
  - 15
  - 17
  - 21
  - 48
  - 74
  - 170
  - 342
  - 497
  - 1731
- date: '2003-10-10 01:47:10'
  votes:
  - 52
  - 15
  - 17
  - 21
  - 48
  - 74
  - 170
  - 342
  - 497
  - 1731
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 55
  - 17
  - 19
  - 22
  - 50
  - 79
  - 181
  - 365
  - 531
  - 1878
id: 461
permalink: /461/my-dads-a-smart-guy-but-his-plans-for-handling-battlefield-1942-snipers-are-somewhat-unorthodox/
score: 8.9
title: My Dad's a smart guy, but his plans for handling *Battlefield 1942* snipers
  are somewhat unorthodox
vicpic: victimpics/sept02/sniperkillerbig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/sept02/sniperkiller.gif
votes: 3226
---

The island sand, baked by the sun, crunched underfoot as I scrambled
toward the airfield. The Japanese had already taken over the north part
of Wake Island, and a second wave of landing craft had been seen headed
toward the shores. About a hundred feet in front of me ran another
pilot, heading for a bomber. Without warning, a sharp crack cut through
the sky and he fell to his knees, then dropped to the sand ... dead. I
turned to my brother Denny who was playing with me on the same game
server from his side of the room. "Sniper!!" I yelled. No sooner had the
terrible word left my lips than another shot pierced through the sea
breeze and fell me with one terrible stroke.

My brother had been making a dash for the fighter plane. "Where?" he
cried out. He backpedaled from where he was on the runway, then suddenly
shouted out in fury as a bullet pierced his chest. His soldier took a
step backwards and crumpled lifelessly to the ground. We muttered
angrily to one another as we waited to respawn.

Then my old man came in, clomping onto the hardwood floor of my bedroom
with a gimp leg. "You boys having trouble with *snipers?*" he asked, in
that ready-to-lecture tone.

"No!" I said, but Denny was quicker. "YES!" he blurted, pointing to the
map on his screen. "And we don't know where he's hiding!"

Dad sidled forward. "Show me that map, son," he said, pulling out his
glasses and wrapping them around his ears. "Now point out where everyone
was killed by this sniper. There, on the airstrip? Up there? And there?
And there, by the jeep? And there goes another one, by the hangar? Ah
yes, you see my sons -- pay attention Kevin! -- You see the conical
pattern of his killings, indicating a line of sight? That's right, it's
like an arrow pointing right to his campgrounds. It would appear as
though your mysterious Japanese sniper is actually hiding IN one of your
coastal defense cannons. Shrewd little monkey. Wouldn't be surprised if
that was your mother."

"We can handle it, dad," I tried to say, but the old man would have none
of it.

"If by 'handle it' you mean drop like sacks of potatoes, shrieking and
whimpering so loudly that I could hear you over the sound of my
M\*A\*S\*H reruns, than yah, I'd say you're handling it fine." He
snorted. "How do you suppose you're going to take this guy out?"

"I was gonna pop a grenade into the bunker," I said.

"WRONG!" dad answered, pointing an aggressive finger. "He'll hear your
footsteps and bolt. This guy's craven, he wants to fight again another
day. For God's sake, you don't want to give him the opportunity to
scurry down the hillside to the beach, do you? NO!" He rolled up a
chair, turned it around, and straddled it backwards. "Lemme tell you
how'd we'd have handled this situation in the *war*."

Denny turned his chair around. "Cool!" He breathed.

"To be fair, dad, you were in the reserves during Desert Storm," I
reminded him. "You drove a truck. You never even left Saudi Arabia."

"Listen here! My unit was essential to the delivery of foodstuffs.
Foodstuffs that went into the bellies of the soldiers who, in turn,
drove the tanks that fired the shells that kept the world safe for oil.
And Democracy." He turned his chair with a loud squeak. "Now listen
good. *NO QUARTER* is what we used to say. You don't want to give this
guy a chance. You've got superior weapons and superior strategery. You
should drop in a couple commando units to blow that bunker sky-high."

"Blow up our own bunker?"

"TWICE if you have to!" He gestured to Denny's computer screen. "You're
gonna need to take a couple of engineers with dynamite to land on the
roof of the bunker and blow it to smithereens. The only way to do it
without tipping the little bastard off is to drop in from airplanes.
Obviously you can't use your own since he's got the runway all to
himself, so I expect the two of you to hijack a couple Jap planes..."

Even Denny began to show a little skepticism. "Isn't this getting kinda
complicated?" he asked.

"Hell no, this is how it was done back in the war," Dad Boomed. "Did you
know they used to call me 'The Desert Wolf?'"

"'Cuz wolves weren't indigenous to the desert and would probably die?"

Dad ignored me. "So you and Denny here are gonna jump into that Japanese
landing craft and put the ramp up. Then, back off the beach and drive
over to the Imperial Japanese Navy carrier. Jump out, swim to the ladder
up the side, and hop onboard. I want you to steal two Zeroes and fly out
of there before they can say Tora Tora."

"Is that how you did it in Desert Storm?" I asked.

"I'll tell you something, son, if Sadam Hussein had an aircraft carrier
you can be your be-hind we'd have been crawling all over that
sonofabitch like hogs on slop. Anyways, steal a couple planes, bail out
over your own airbase, deploy the parachutes, and start dropping
explosives even before you land. I want the top of that bunker to light
up like a birthday cake. I want that sucker blowing like a roman candle.
Understood? Now MOVE!"

Crazy as Dad's plan was, I gotta admit it went smoother than I thought.
Now, sure, once I got into a Japanese landing boat Denny had to Smack
into me with a Jeep in order to get it back out into the ocean. Then he
had to make a running leap onto the little boat as it puttered off.
Within a minute or so we'd pulled up next to the Japanese carrier, and
before they could even really figure out what was going on we were
taking off with their last two planes. We flew high over our base,
dodging both our own and enemy anti-aircraft fire, and then parachuted
the long way down.

"BLOW IT! BLOOOWWW IT!" Dad cried, the veins in his forehead popping. It
*was* quite the fireworks. I wish I coulda seen the look on that
sniper's face when he heard our combat boots clink onto the roof of the
big gun, and instant before kit-and-caboodle burst into a white ball of
flame and ruptured steel. The sniper was dead, and so were we.

"That's just great Dad," I sighed. "We killed the sniper. But while we
were out on the boat the Japs took the airfield, the landing beach, and
our last command point. Now the war's over."

"I don't think you understand what's important, son," my Dad said,
standing up and shifting his weight to his good leg. "It's not so
important to wipe out the enemy as to show him that you've got bigger
balls. What you did to that sniper was complete overkill, using boats
and jeeps and bombs and discarding planes like used snotrags. That's
right. So, even though the Japanese are in possession of that island,
the fact is, they know the kinda cojones they're dealing with. So, if,
say, in ten years time those Japs start kicking out UN weapons
inspectors or developing weapons of mass destruction, they're gonna
remember what you did to that bunker, and they'll know you mean
*BUSINESS*."

With that, Dad stormed out of the room.