---
blurb: >
  Alas, now our tank is smoking, and so — apparently — is the driver. If they made
  this guy take a urine test the centrifuge would get high.
color: false
date: '2002-09-13'
history:
- date: '2002-10-23 10:02:24'
  votes:
  - 82
  - 18
  - 23
  - 13
  - 46
  - 84
  - 178
  - 302
  - 391
  - 1206
- date: '2002-12-23 00:03:44'
  votes:
  - 82
  - 18
  - 23
  - 13
  - 46
  - 84
  - 185
  - 308
  - 400
  - 1231
- date: '2002-12-23 01:22:28'
  votes:
  - 82
  - 18
  - 23
  - 13
  - 46
  - 84
  - 185
  - 308
  - 400
  - 1231
- date: '2003-02-04 18:28:17'
  votes:
  - 82
  - 18
  - 23
  - 13
  - 46
  - 84
  - 185
  - 308
  - 406
  - 1243
- date: '2003-02-04 18:31:02'
  votes:
  - 82
  - 18
  - 23
  - 13
  - 46
  - 84
  - 185
  - 308
  - 406
  - 1243
- date: '2003-10-06 16:17:30'
  votes:
  - 83
  - 19
  - 23
  - 15
  - 46
  - 88
  - 191
  - 314
  - 420
  - 1304
- date: '2003-12-18 10:23:30'
  votes:
  - 83
  - 19
  - 23
  - 15
  - 47
  - 89
  - 193
  - 314
  - 423
  - 1318
- date: '2003-12-18 10:25:25'
  votes:
  - 83
  - 19
  - 23
  - 15
  - 47
  - 89
  - 193
  - 314
  - 423
  - 1318
- date: '2004-03-03 14:03:57'
  votes:
  - 83
  - 19
  - 24
  - 15
  - 47
  - 89
  - 194
  - 314
  - 425
  - 1323
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 84
  - 19
  - 24
  - 15
  - 47
  - 89
  - 194
  - 317
  - 431
  - 1344
id: 465
permalink: /465/man-i-would-give-anything-for-a-hit-of-whatever-dope-the-driver-of-this-tank-is-smoking/
score: 8.57
title: Man, I would give anything for a hit of whatever dope the driver of this tank
  is smoking.
vicpic: victimpics/sept02/justonehitbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/sept02/justonehit.png
votes: 2596
---

I'm not sure how exactly I can shoot anyone with the machinegun now that
I'm facing up into the air at a 90-degree angle. Oh, here we go, now
we're just sideways. I don't know who's driving this *Battlefield 1942*
tank or what his ultimate destination is, but it appears that he's
moving of his own volition taking into consideration neither the
accomplishment of our objectives nor the prevention of the enemy
reaching theirs.

Part of the problem is that about a minute ago he rotated the turret a
full 180 degrees, so that now he's facing the rear of the tank. I can
only imagine the blind confusion he must be going through, as the tank
appears to move forward every time he hits the back button, and
vice-versa.

Of course, this may have been to our advantage. He's trying to back up
— or maybe go forward — and appears completely by accident to have
positioned the strong front armor of the tank toward the enemy. Confused
German soldiers are trying to sneak "behind" the tank, only to find
themselves in front of it, and, in their befuddlement, I gun them down
with the top machinegun.

Ah, we're no longer sideways on a hill — we now appear to be backing
into a fencepost.

I can see in my mind's eye the driver of this tank, sitting at home in a
darkened room, perhaps lit by the diffuse glow of a lava lamp and the
glittering reflections of a beaded curtain. Between each spastic jerk of
the tank in a random direction, he pauses to stare blearily at the top
left corner of his monitor. He considers the rotation of his turret
moving independently of the tank's whirling treads to have some sort of
cosmic significance, linked, and yet, sovereign. Perplexed by such deep
thoughts, he pauses to stick his face into a four-foot high angry clown
bong filled with the most powerful Turkish Skunk Hash imaginable. He
inhales, deeply.

Any moment now he'll come around and look back at his monitor, where he
will wonder — perhaps, nearly as confused as I am — how we managed to
drive INSIDE this windmill. The Germans have stopped throwing stick
grenades and are now staring, slackjawed, at the smoking beast with the
backwards turret. They, as I, are probably wondering if it were possible
that they, too, could have a hit — just one hit — of whatever powerful
mind-altering muscle-destabilizing spatially-perverting narcotic this
guy must be on. But we can only dream.