---
blurb: >
  I respawned on the Allied destroyer, but moments later I was crushed by a Jeep dropped
  from an airplane. "TWO FOR TWO!" Crenshaw whooped.
color: true
date: '2002-09-15'
history:
- date: '2002-10-21 02:18:33'
  votes:
  - 32
  - 7
  - 9
  - 7
  - 15
  - 31
  - 73
  - 159
  - 319
  - 1574
- date: '2002-10-21 02:27:58'
  votes:
  - 32
  - 7
  - 9
  - 7
  - 15
  - 31
  - 73
  - 159
  - 319
  - 1574
- date: '2002-12-22 15:43:18'
  votes:
  - 43
  - 7
  - 9
  - 8
  - 19
  - 32
  - 83
  - 177
  - 365
  - 1921
- date: '2002-12-22 16:39:24'
  votes:
  - 43
  - 7
  - 9
  - 8
  - 19
  - 32
  - 83
  - 177
  - 365
  - 1921
- date: '2003-02-04 13:20:47'
  votes:
  - 47
  - 7
  - 11
  - 8
  - 22
  - 33
  - 90
  - 196
  - 408
  - 2180
- date: '2003-02-04 15:23:29'
  votes:
  - 47
  - 7
  - 11
  - 8
  - 22
  - 33
  - 90
  - 196
  - 408
  - 2182
- date: '2003-04-09 14:33:06'
  votes:
  - 60
  - 10
  - 11
  - 8
  - 25
  - 41
  - 103
  - 220
  - 447
  - 2513
- date: '2003-06-25 18:48:04'
  votes:
  - 70
  - 11
  - 12
  - 9
  - 27
  - 45
  - 112
  - 244
  - 485
  - 2805
- date: '2003-10-05 02:07:03'
  votes:
  - 88
  - 12
  - 15
  - 10
  - 29
  - 48
  - 118
  - 258
  - 530
  - 3191
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 99
  - 13
  - 18
  - 12
  - 31
  - 55
  - 131
  - 287
  - 580
  - 3565
id: 466
permalink: /466/playing-battlefield-1942-with-you-is-like-playing-carmageddon/
score: 9.28
title: Playing *Battlefield 1942* with you is like playing *Carmageddon.*
vicpic: victimpics/sept02/color1942big.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/sept02/color1942.png
votes: 4825
---

*What? You want to play this weekend? NO WAY Crenshaw, every time we've
ever played* Battlefield 1942 *you [hit me with the jeep so often I had
the Willys logo stamped on my forehead](@/victim/458.md). Jerk. I'm
not falling for it -- what? You bought me a copy of the full retail
game?*

*Well, okay Crenshaw, I accept your apology. And I might even believe
that you wouldn't ever hit me with the Jeep again, seeing as how
generous you are. Okay, let's play.*

And so I found myself floating in the Pacific Ocean, standing on the
flattop of the Enterprise, pacing nervously back and forth across the
Tarmac. The Japs were out there, somewhere, and in the middle of our two
Naval flotillas was the tiny island of Midway. Crenshaw was already on
his way to the island, driving a few other Marines in his boat and
screaming "Gung ho! Gung ho! Gung ho!" into the speakerphone.

I knew that by playing a naval map, Crenshaw wouldn't be able to take me
out with the Jeep. And when a torpedo plane spawned in front of me, I
greedily stepped inside and roared the engines up to full throttle.

As I lifted off of the deck, reports were already coming in from the
island. "Zeroes! Zeroes!" the marines shouted. "Those planes are killing
us!"

The wide blue ocean rolled far beneath my plane. Below me and just to my
right I could see our Battleship moving into position to attack a
Japanese Battleship. Our men scurried across the decks; shells burst
into the sea. But my mission was clear, repeated over and over on the
radios by our desperate marines: "Sink the Carrier!"

In the distance I saw her -- a flat gray line against the furious blue
sea. I tilted my rudder over, then rolled hard to the left so as to come
broadside against the monster. A nearby destroyer flying the rising sun
moved slowly along her port bow, and antiaircraft shells started
bursting around me, but I stayed the course. Torpedo away! Moments later
my projectile slammed into the side of the Japanese carrier in a burst
of red flame and angry white sea foam. But now the counter-attack was
furious; I soared towards the clouds and turned hard to the left to
dodge the maelstrom from the guns of the destroyer.

Slowly I pivoted high above the action, then lined myself up for the
next run. Puffs of white smoke trailed from my fuselage, but I knew my
old bird had plenty of fight left in her. For my next run I swooped down
low, nearly clipping the ocean with my landing gear, an unexpected
surprise for the enemy. The destroyer didn't even see me in time to open
fire on my way in. I let loose my torpedo and buzzed just a few feet
over the deck of the enemy carrier, but didn't even have a moment to
revel in the destruction -- I used my momentum to make a sharp left
turn, then shot skyward. But my acrobatics didn't fool the gunners on my
way out. Black puffs of flak exploded around me. One explosion rocked my
right wing, another blasted me so hard my cockpit shook. My engine
sputtered; thick, black, oily smoke poured from gaping holes in my tail.
I had just one more run, and I was going to make it count. I soared in a
long, graceful turn.

Out of the sun I roared, my damaged engine squealing. By now the enemy
had no illusions -- antiaircraft guns on both the carrier and the
destroyer opened fire on my position. As soon as I was within range I
trigged off my torpedo. It cut through the air on its deadly mission. A
moment later, my cockpit shattered. I bailed amidst a hail of gunfire!
My plane exploded before my eyes, the flaming hulk roaring over the
heads of the Japanese aggressors before tumbling wing-over-tail into the
sea. My parachute opened just in time to cushion my fall into the
roiling waves, but I got an excellent view of my final torpedo slamming
into the exposed broadside of the Carrier. A plume of water and shrapnel
burst hundreds of feet into the sky from the explosion.

The hated carrier was belching black smoke now, but it was still afloat.
I could hear the screws chopping up the water and saw the beast start to
lurch forward. I swam, beating my arms against the angry sea, knowing
that I had to get aboard that thing and stop it or I would drown here in
the middle of the unforgiving ocean.

Frantically I paddled, managing to catch the ladder just before she
moved out of reach. With great difficulty I climbed up on deck, just in
time to witness the Japanese planes respawning. I had to stop them! I
scrambled forward on uneasy sea legs, the great smoking ship buckling
underneath me. A Japanese pilot tried to stop me but I gunned him down
point blank with my rifle. Fortunately for the mission I was an
engineer: I dropped a pack of explosives under the first plane, two more
under the second, and tossed another right into the gunner position of
the third. Desperately I ran crookedly across the deck until I was
safely out of range.

I turned to watch the devastation I was about to unleash. Three planes
sat on the runway, and behind them four Japanese were running to my
position. I lifted my detonator high. "Semper Fi!" I screamed.

Suddenly, I was POUNDED from behind. My view shifted as my face was
pressed onto the deck, and I rolled over and over from some sort of
impact. The last thing I saw was a jeep driving across the deck of the
carrier, skittering to a halt beside the planes. Crenshaw was on the
speaker phone, whooping with laughter.

I stormed angrily over to his office. "YOU HIT ME WITH A JEEP!" I
boomed. "WHY did you HIT me with the JEEP!?"

"C'mon, give me some *props!*" he said, wiping a tear from his eye. "Do
you know how hard it was to get an American Jeep up onto the deck of a
Japanese aircraft carrier and hide it from you? I had to get most of our
team and half of the Japs in on it. We're talking *Herculean* effort
here. Give the man some CREDIT!"

"You should've SEEN the look on his FACE!!" the Japanese players were
typing. On Crenshaw's screen they were jumping up and down and bobbing
their heads in glee.

I hate you, Crenshaw. Did I ever mention that? Not premeditated
righteous anger, either. No, Crenshaw ... pure animal rage.