---
blurb: >
  Dad likes to play Battlefield with the mouse in one hand and a glass of whiskey
  in the other.
color: true
date: '2002-09-21'
history:
- date: '2002-10-21 02:08:23'
  votes:
  - 53
  - 9
  - 16
  - 21
  - 26
  - 51
  - 92
  - 205
  - 242
  - 680
- date: '2002-10-21 02:13:27'
  votes:
  - 53
  - 9
  - 16
  - 21
  - 26
  - 51
  - 92
  - 205
  - 242
  - 680
- date: '2002-12-23 07:59:05'
  votes:
  - 56
  - 9
  - 16
  - 22
  - 26
  - 53
  - 95
  - 210
  - 254
  - 704
- date: '2003-02-16 16:01:42'
  votes:
  - 59
  - 9
  - 17
  - 22
  - 27
  - 56
  - 97
  - 219
  - 268
  - 802
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 61
  - 9
  - 18
  - 24
  - 27
  - 59
  - 103
  - 235
  - 286
  - 907
id: 472
permalink: /472/ill-never-understand-the-fixation-with-my-dads-unorthodox-battlfield-1942-tactics/
score: 8.52
title: I'll never understand the fixation with my dad's unorthodox *Battlfield 1942*
  tactics.
vicpic: victimpics/sept02/colorwardadbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/sept02/colorwardad.png
votes: 1756
---

Last week when [I told you all about my dad's unusual *Battlefield 1942*
tactics](@/victim/461.md) I didn't expect there would be so much
interest in how this old Desert Storm war veteran would play the game.
Yah. He's a real piece of work, all right. So, uh, this weekend I
thought I'd take the time to have him answer your questions.

**Dear Kevin's Dad:** *I loved your advice for taking out a sniper. How
do you recommend defending a base?*

**Kevin:** Okay, look, my dad really isn't into the whole "defense"
thing. He says the best defense involves Tomahawk missiles launched
secretly from submarines. Who's next?

**Dear Kevin's Dad:** *Me and some friends were playing on the Berlin
map, and the Soviets had two tanks shoulder-to-shoulder shelling our
last flag. How would you have handled that?*

**Kevin:** Well, you have to understand the way my dad plays
*Battlefield*. See, he's never NOT an American. So he'd tell you, "Let
as many of those \[censored\] nazis and commie scum kill as many of each
other as possible." For this reason, he'd advise you to teamkill if you
were winning.

**Dear Kevin's Dad:** *Back before World War II, Japan was a mighty
empire that was busy crushing Asia with one boot and still had enough
energy left over to elbow-drop the U.S. in the Pacific. Recently I just
visited that country and, as far as I can tell, now all they do is draw
really weird cartoons and sell porn on every corner store. Have we done
a terrible thing?*

**Kevin:** Oh ... wow. Good question. I'd better ask my dad, himself.
Dad?

**Kevin's Dad:** Listen up, crazy Internet sonofabitch. Porn is the
American way! Now that the cold war is over and done with, we can begin
our manifest destiny of spreading porn to every corner of the globe, one
sand-drenched porno-deprived country at a time. Sweet, sweet Liberty!

**Kevin:** Yeah, that's just ... uh, that's great dad.

**Kevin's Dad:** We'll start with these pictures of your mom.

**Kevin:** Cut it out!

**Kevin's Dad:** It's all right son. We're divorced. She's only your
mother on weekends.