---
blurb: >
  Hey, hang on -- OMG, WHAT did I PAINT on my UMBRELLA!?
color: false
date: '2002-09-24'
history:
- date: '2002-10-21 02:24:26'
  votes:
  - 112
  - 34
  - 41
  - 29
  - 71
  - 82
  - 162
  - 232
  - 219
  - 489
- date: '2002-10-21 02:24:48'
  votes:
  - 112
  - 34
  - 41
  - 29
  - 71
  - 82
  - 162
  - 232
  - 219
  - 489
- date: '2003-02-17 05:25:05'
  votes:
  - 114
  - 35
  - 41
  - 29
  - 72
  - 84
  - 168
  - 242
  - 227
  - 517
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 122
  - 35
  - 43
  - 33
  - 74
  - 91
  - 186
  - 272
  - 253
  - 621
id: 474
permalink: /474/for-some-reason-drawing-a-penis-on-my-door-in-animal-crossing-seemed-like-a-good-idea-at-the-time/
score: 7.59
title: For some reason drawing a penis on my door in *Animal Crossing* seemed like
  a good idea at the time.
vicpic: victimpics/sept02/animalbadbig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/sept02/animalbad.gif
votes: 1756
---

My roommates and I take *Animal Crossing* very seriously. One time I
chopped down my roomie’s coconut tree and [he threatened to go on an
axe-murder spree](@/victim/469.md), which made by girlfriend Mary
cry, because I think she’s got a thing goin’ for Hambo the pig.

Anyways, I don’t know what the deal was this weekend -- I think it was
the tequila. Regardless, I decided to fire up the game at 1:30 in the
morning. Of course nearly all the animals were asleep, except for that
obnoxious Sheep chick. They weren’t waking up when I pounded on their
doors. I found Dora the dormouse snoozing outside, so I tiptoed up to
her and tried to push her over the waterfall, but she woke up and gave
me such a tongue-lashing you’d think I was a piece of cheese.

After that I think I decided to drink a little more to calm my bruised
ego. It starts getting pretty hazy from there. I vaguely remember
running up behind animals, hitting them on the head with my net, and
then running away. After that got boring, well... damn... I guess I
must’ve hung a picture of a big crudely-drawn penis on my door. I didn’t
really remember doing it until the next morning when Mary pointed it out
to me.

I also hung a sign outside of Tom’s door that said “I LIEK SHEEPS.”

Wait, come to think of it ... Come to think of it, I wrote a letter to
that hot little bunny chick that ... oh man ... oh God I hope she
doesn’t show it to Mary.