---
blurb: >
  My wife and I decided to dro it because we didn't want the kitten to see us fighting.
color: false
date: '2002-10-14'
history:
- date: '2002-12-29 03:44:15'
  votes:
  - 68
  - 14
  - 25
  - 31
  - 52
  - 98
  - 211
  - 443
  - 480
  - 1119
- date: '2002-12-29 04:17:47'
  votes:
  - 68
  - 14
  - 25
  - 31
  - 52
  - 98
  - 211
  - 443
  - 480
  - 1119
- date: '2003-03-06 01:24:50'
  votes:
  - 69
  - 14
  - 26
  - 31
  - 52
  - 98
  - 212
  - 447
  - 485
  - 1131
- date: '2003-04-09 16:57:26'
  votes:
  - 69
  - 14
  - 26
  - 31
  - 53
  - 98
  - 215
  - 449
  - 486
  - 1135
- date: '2003-07-27 22:47:51'
  votes:
  - 69
  - 14
  - 27
  - 33
  - 54
  - 103
  - 221
  - 466
  - 522
  - 1231
- date: '2003-10-12 00:39:51'
  votes:
  - 69
  - 14
  - 27
  - 33
  - 54
  - 104
  - 223
  - 468
  - 526
  - 1246
- date: '2003-12-05 07:50:41'
  votes:
  - 69
  - 14
  - 27
  - 33
  - 54
  - 105
  - 224
  - 468
  - 526
  - 1251
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 69
  - 14
  - 27
  - 33
  - 55
  - 106
  - 225
  - 471
  - 534
  - 1273
id: 491
permalink: /491/so-i-said-honey-before-we-jump-right-in-and-buy-a-kitten-maybe-we-should-consult-the-sims/
score: 8.51
title: So I said, “Honey, before we jump right in and buy a kitten, maybe we should
  consult *The Sims*”
vicpic: victimpics/oct02/simskittybig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/oct02/simskitty.gif
votes: 2831
---

“A cat’s a pretty big responsibility,” I told my wife, steering our car
into the garage. “They’re not as demanding as a dog, but they don’t just
take care of *themselves*.”

However, the kittens in the pet store window had been awfully
persuasive. “I *get* that,” she replied, opening the door and taking up
an armful of groceries. “But what’s there to worry about? Feed and water
him every morning, play with him. Change the litter -- uh, how often do
you change litter?”

“Depends on the cat,” I explained, grabbing the last bag and shutting
the trunk with a free arm. “Once a day, usually. But see, we couldn’t
just run off for the weekend without making sure he’ll be taken care of.
And you want to spend time with you cat so that he doesn’t go all crazy
cooped up in the house all the time...” I nudged open the door and then
held it for her. “Do we really have enough time in our lives for that
daily commitment? Hey, you know what? Let’s get a cat in *The Sims*. You
know, then we can practice.”

She set the groceries on the kitchen counter with a thump. “You can’t be
serious.”

“No, really. We’ll buy that new pet expansion pack and try it out. See,
in *The Sims* you’ll have to remember to feed the cat and change the box
and you’ll have to put a scratching post in the house and give him toys
and ... well, if we can keep *that* cat from running away, we’ll get a
real one.”

That about settled it. A couple of days later we installed the expansion
and our little simulated family got a simulated pet. We took turns
playing the game. At first, the new cat was tearing our tiny digital
house up, but once we got him settled in it was cool. Over the next
couple of days we lived out a few weeks in the game, and the cat was
just fine. We even got him a cat-tree to climb on. Life was good.

Satisfied that we had the right stuff, together we went to the local
animal shelter and adopted one of the abandoned kittens. After he tore
down one of the curtains and wrapped it around himself we decided to
name him “Caligula.” He’s a cool kitten. Likes to spring out from under
the couch and grab your ankles, though. But at least he’s already
litter-trained.

I was pretty proud of my judgment call, and was busy congratulating
myself and playing with Caligula on the floor of the family room. Then I
heard the sounds of a baby crying from the bedroom. I rushed inside to
find my wife playing *The Sims*.

“That cat thing worked out so well, I’m gonna see if we can handle a
*baby,*” my wife explained.

“No no! Turn that thing off!” I exclaimed, waving my hands. “It’s uh,
just a game! It’s not accurate at all. It’s just, uh, silly. It’s crazy
stuff!” Then, I howled as Caligula tore out from underneath the bed and
latched onto my ankle.

I think I’ve started something *bad*.