---
blurb: >
  Now then, how to sell this used copy of Roller Coaster Tycoon? Hmmm. Maybe it still
  contains Barbara Streisand's lip prints? Of course! Here, hand me that lipstick...
color: false
date: '2002-10-21'
history:
- date: '2002-12-28 17:52:57'
  votes:
  - 46
  - 8
  - 19
  - 28
  - 46
  - 97
  - 150
  - 311
  - 360
  - 796
- date: '2003-03-06 01:24:27'
  votes:
  - 48
  - 8
  - 19
  - 28
  - 48
  - 98
  - 155
  - 337
  - 384
  - 899
- date: '2003-04-21 20:12:20'
  votes:
  - 48
  - 8
  - 19
  - 28
  - 48
  - 98
  - 158
  - 338
  - 389
  - 906
- date: '2003-06-25 20:21:23'
  votes:
  - 48
  - 8
  - 19
  - 28
  - 48
  - 98
  - 158
  - 342
  - 393
  - 916
- date: '2003-06-25 20:26:35'
  votes:
  - 48
  - 8
  - 19
  - 28
  - 48
  - 98
  - 158
  - 342
  - 393
  - 916
- date: '2003-08-20 13:27:03'
  votes:
  - 48
  - 8
  - 19
  - 28
  - 48
  - 99
  - 158
  - 347
  - 396
  - 923
- date: '2003-10-17 17:10:09'
  votes:
  - 48
  - 8
  - 19
  - 28
  - 48
  - 101
  - 161
  - 351
  - 398
  - 925
- date: '2004-02-11 11:51:46'
  votes:
  - 48
  - 8
  - 19
  - 29
  - 48
  - 102
  - 162
  - 353
  - 403
  - 945
- date: '2004-02-11 11:52:37'
  votes:
  - 48
  - 8
  - 19
  - 29
  - 48
  - 102
  - 162
  - 353
  - 403
  - 945
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 48
  - 8
  - 19
  - 29
  - 48
  - 103
  - 162
  - 354
  - 405
  - 960
id: 495
permalink: /495/theres-a-lot-of-money-to-be-made-as-an-ebay-fictionalizationizer/
score: 8.51
title: There’s a lot of money to be made as an eBay Fictionalizationizer.
vicpic: victimpics/oct02/ebaybig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/oct02/ebay.png
votes: 2152
---

What’s an eBay Fictionalizationizer, you ask? Simple, friend. Ask
yourself this: How would I like to make two, or even THREE times the
value off of the garage-sale-rejected junk I sell on eBay? The answer
lies in the cunning art of the half-truth.

For just 15% of the final purchase price, I’ll make up a completely
bogus history for the item you want to sell. Remember, I don’t get paid
unless YOU get paid. It’s a win-win situation. For example, check out
this [Haunted Cookie
Tin](https://web.archive.org/web/20021021000000/http://cgi.ebay.com/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?ViewItem&item=1777913386).
That would be my handiwork. The seller wanted to sell this relatively
worthless cookie tin, but I was thinking, “how much more would it be
worth if we threw in a spooky dead baby?”

I am a master craftsman.

Most of the time I find myself writing description paragraphs of old
antiques, where I fudge some sort of exciting backstory involving a
camel race across the desert or some kind of museum robbery. Often items
were nearly destroyed by “errant roman catapults” or something. I work
tirelessly to ensure people pay you at least double the worth of any
item you sell.

Now, my most difficult challenge came yesterday, when a fellow told me
he wanted to sell his *Ultima Online* character. I really racked my
brains for that one. His account was three years old, so I could hardly
attach any great historical significance to it. Finally, it came to me:
*This was the first and only online character ever blessed by the Pope.*
I claimed that the owner, wheelchair-bound since the Korean War, was
unable to leave the Veteran’s Hospital for the Pope’s visit to the
states. Seeing that the man was crushed, the hospital chaplain spoke to
the local Cardinal and a hasty online visit was arranged. A laptop was
brought before his excellency, who logged in as a new character and met
the man at his in-game sandstone villa (also for sale). He blessed the
man -- and the character, and the villa -- and to everyone’s
astonishment the statue of Jaana contained within began WEEPING! Players
report that dropping items of value near this house will give them
extremely good luck and fortune. The owner has since passed away,
leaving his caretakers no choice but to auction off this miracle
character and holy home at a fraction of its worth. BID NOW! PAYDAR
ACCEPTED!

The sixteen year old I wrote it for is really excited.