---
blurb: >
  You'd think paint wouldn't peel from aluminum siding so easily.
color: false
date: '2002-11-04'
history:
- date: '2002-12-14 20:48:22'
  votes:
  - 146
  - 34
  - 53
  - 44
  - 87
  - 98
  - 175
  - 320
  - 308
  - 809
- date: '2003-02-28 09:17:42'
  votes:
  - 146
  - 34
  - 53
  - 44
  - 88
  - 100
  - 177
  - 323
  - 315
  - 830
- date: '2003-04-21 20:16:29'
  votes:
  - 146
  - 34
  - 53
  - 45
  - 88
  - 103
  - 179
  - 324
  - 317
  - 837
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 147
  - 34
  - 53
  - 45
  - 89
  - 105
  - 186
  - 330
  - 318
  - 882
id: 506
permalink: /506/look-here-i-want-mario-sunshine-for-christmas--or-im-gonna-start-livin-the-dream-baby/
score: 7.8
title: Look here, I want Mario Sunshine for Christmas ... Or I’m gonna start *livin’
  the dream*, baby!
vicpic: victimpics/nov02/hoseheadbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/nov02/hosehead.png
votes: 2212
---

Hey there, step lightly. This whole yard is covered by about six inches
of mud right now. Why? Because I’ve been waiting for months and I
*still* don’t have a copy of *Super Mario Sunshine*. It’s time to take
matters into my own hands — or, at the very least — to strap them to
my head.

Here, have some chalk. Go ahead, graffiti up that tree. Done? What’s
that supposed to be, a turkey? Oh, it’s a *moose*. I guess those are
antlers. No matter, watch what I can do with this baby: WAAA-TAAAHHH!!

Yah, haha! Sheared the leaves right off. Some of the bark, too. Uh, I
hope that tree lives. No matter, the point is, your shameless graffiti
is gone! We live in a cleaner, happier neighborhood because of my timely
intervention. Hang on, look! The neighbor’s dog! For some reason the
poor beast is covered in mud. I can fix that — WAAA-TAAAHH!!

Whoa, flung that lil’ pup all the way across the yard like a wet, furry
rocket. Looks like he splashed some mud onto the fence. I can clear that
right up — WAAA-TAAH! Damn, those fenceposts are pulling free like pins
in a bowling alley. Oops. I think I just put one through the window. Ah,
the wet, muddy dog is using the broken fencepost as a ramp and he’s
fleeing into the neighbor’s living room in terror.

Hmm. I hear things being broken inside. Well, help me carry the hose,
here. It looks like I’ll have to go in and clean that place up.