---
blurb: >
  How did they manage to keep this potted plant so green in here? The one in the men's
  room looks like a wet paper bag after a run-in with the lawnmower. At least it looked
  that way before we covered it in toilet paper.
color: false
date: '2000-11-17'
history:
- date: '2002-12-28 09:22:06'
  votes:
  - 103
  - 25
  - 33
  - 30
  - 46
  - 49
  - 101
  - 144
  - 145
  - 680
- date: '2003-04-06 18:30:20'
  votes:
  - 104
  - 25
  - 34
  - 30
  - 48
  - 51
  - 103
  - 144
  - 148
  - 700
- date: '2003-04-06 19:01:28'
  votes:
  - 104
  - 25
  - 34
  - 30
  - 48
  - 51
  - 103
  - 144
  - 148
  - 700
- date: '2003-07-20 02:32:12'
  votes:
  - 106
  - 25
  - 35
  - 30
  - 48
  - 51
  - 106
  - 146
  - 152
  - 715
- date: '2003-08-02 17:50:37'
  votes:
  - 106
  - 25
  - 35
  - 30
  - 48
  - 51
  - 106
  - 147
  - 152
  - 717
- date: '2003-08-03 00:55:50'
  votes:
  - 106
  - 25
  - 35
  - 30
  - 48
  - 51
  - 106
  - 147
  - 152
  - 717
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 107
  - 25
  - 37
  - 32
  - 50
  - 52
  - 110
  - 152
  - 156
  - 761
id: 51
permalink: /51/hot-damn-the-ladies-room-is-open-season/
score: 7.92
title: Hot Damn! the Ladies' Room Is Open Season!
vicpic: victimpics/bathroombig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/bathroom.png
votes: 1510
---

Oh, yes! Did you all get the staff email about the downstairs ladies'
room? That's right, they're turning it into a men's room. Our policy of
refusing to hire any talented female game design professionals has
finally paid off! New doors have been opened up for us, gentlemen!

Now, I know that in general the men's rooms here at our humble business
have been broken and abused. This is because on the whole women see
restrooms as intimate places for very personal business and private
social interaction, whereas men see restrooms as a place to pee all
over.

Now that we have a new pristine restroom to use, I hope that we'll learn
to treat it with respect. Please use only one foot when kicking open the
door.

&nbsp;

Here are some other things to try:

-   Barge into the room and yell, "WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN HERE!?" This
    freaks out your fellow male employees, who are strangely
    uncomfortable in there. Watch the tinkle fly!
-   Try lifting the seat. It's like that thing is glued down. It's
    almost as if the women around here had no reason to lift up the seat
    before! I fixed it though -- I took that sucker and rammed it up and
    down until I heard the snap of breaking plastic. This place is
    finally starting to feel like home!
-   Make sure that you don't get the floor dirty. The way to do this is
    by spreading a protective coating of mangled toilet paper all over
    the frickin' place, including strands of it that actually go into
    the toilet and down the drain, possibly through miles of pipe
    without breaking. I don't know how that's done, but I've seen it
    happen, and I'm willing to learn.
-   There are no urinals in there! I caught on after the second or
    third try.
-   Next to the toilet is this strange metal box capable of
    storing plutonium. I can only guess that it is here the sacred
    Feminine Hygiene Products(tm) were once stored. But now that this is
    boystown, you'll note that it's actually the perfect height to spit
    your sunflower seeds or wads of chew into as you do your business.
    HUZZAH! Don't worry if you miss. Oh, that metal lid was in the way,
    so I tore it off and threw it casually across the room. Don't
    mistake it for a urinal, please, unless you really gotta go.
-   Those funny dispenser things beside the sink? I discovered that
    those are for SOAP! You can actually put it out onto your hands and
    wash them. I can't remember the last time the men's room has soap in
    these, so LIVE IT UP SIZZLECHEST! I squirted soap everywhere, thus
    ensuring that our bathroom stays clean. Also, the countertop around
    the sink was dry, which was easy enough to fix.
-   I bet these toilets have never been plugged. C'mon boys, show 'em
    what you're made of!! Real men push those things beyond capacity and
    then run away squealing as though they've never seen ca-ca or used a
    plunger before, haven't we learned that yet?
-   Sometimes people's hands drip on the way from the sink to the
    towel dispenser. A thorough coating of paper towels on the floor
    around the trash receptacle helps. Speaking of the trash receptacle,
    it was empty, which is a dangerous safety hazard -- I filled it full
    of hundreds of almost unused paper towels so that nobody will
    accidently fall in. In the process, I emptied the towel dispenser,
    and didn't bother to bring in more. HOME SWEET HOME!!

Be sure to treat our new restroom right, and the ladies will never want
it back. Bonus!