---
blurb: >
  The advantage of using macros to cybersex is, of course, that you keep both hands
  free.
color: true
date: '2002-11-09'
history:
- date: '2002-12-03 16:46:49'
  votes:
  - 101
  - 8
  - 23
  - 41
  - 40
  - 77
  - 147
  - 304
  - 530
  - 1618
- date: '2002-12-03 16:46:55'
  votes:
  - 101
  - 8
  - 23
  - 41
  - 40
  - 77
  - 147
  - 304
  - 530
  - 1618
- date: '2003-02-27 22:03:27'
  votes:
  - 107
  - 8
  - 23
  - 42
  - 41
  - 78
  - 152
  - 314
  - 539
  - 1703
- date: '2003-04-21 15:54:18'
  votes:
  - 107
  - 8
  - 24
  - 42
  - 41
  - 80
  - 153
  - 316
  - 544
  - 1724
- date: '2003-07-27 19:40:39'
  votes:
  - 107
  - 8
  - 24
  - 42
  - 43
  - 81
  - 157
  - 318
  - 547
  - 1742
- date: '2003-07-27 22:49:27'
  votes:
  - 107
  - 8
  - 24
  - 42
  - 43
  - 81
  - 157
  - 318
  - 547
  - 1742
- date: '2003-10-16 13:53:53'
  votes:
  - 107
  - 8
  - 24
  - 42
  - 44
  - 82
  - 158
  - 321
  - 553
  - 1751
- date: '2003-12-08 22:43:35'
  votes:
  - 107
  - 8
  - 24
  - 42
  - 44
  - 82
  - 158
  - 321
  - 553
  - 1763
- date: '2003-12-08 22:44:21'
  votes:
  - 107
  - 8
  - 24
  - 42
  - 44
  - 82
  - 158
  - 321
  - 553
  - 1763
- date: '2003-12-10 19:26:45'
  votes:
  - 107
  - 8
  - 24
  - 42
  - 44
  - 82
  - 158
  - 321
  - 553
  - 1763
- date: '2004-02-09 16:14:31'
  votes:
  - 107
  - 8
  - 24
  - 42
  - 45
  - 82
  - 158
  - 321
  - 555
  - 1776
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 109
  - 8
  - 24
  - 42
  - 45
  - 83
  - 158
  - 322
  - 558
  - 1799
id: 510
permalink: /510/i-am-the-king-of-macros--and-i-just-met-my-queen/
score: 8.77
title: I am the King of Macros ... and I just met my Queen
vicpic: victimpics/nov02/colormacrosbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/nov02/colormacros.png
votes: 3169
---

I’ve spent two years working on a [complex system of macros and keyboard
shortcuts](@/victim/501.md) that allow me to play *Counter-Strike* on
an almost automated level. Sure, as you could tell by that debacle last
week -- when I shot all of my team and jumped up and down on my own
smoke grenade -- you know, there were some kinks to work out. But I was
the KING.

This morning on the map de\_dust it all turned around on me. As I was
camping the bomb (I can hit Shift-B and then Alt-C at the beginning of
the map to automatically buy weapons, run to the second bomb site, and
crouch behind a crate), one of the terrorists burst around the corner
and jumped while turning sideways, throwing a grenade, and falling into
a crouch with the sniper rifle selected all in one smooth move. Of
course I just pressed “A” and then the number 2 to fire on his position,
killing him, naturally automatically going back behind the crate to
reload while I took a sip of soda. But still, judging by that aerial
display, I suspected that the Terrorist in question was using macros, as
well!

Of course, I had saved up some chat macros for just such an eventuality.
“Are you using macros and keyboard shortcuts to fight?” I asked, just by
hitting Shift-T and the number 6. His answer came back immediately,
implying that he had a macro set up as well. “Yes,” he answered. “In
fact I haven’t touched the controls for two whole rounds of play.”

Wow, this guy was GOOD! But he couldn’t have been as good as I was. It
was time to bust out with my most prized of scripts, the insta-automatic
bomb-camp defense. I hit CTRL-backslash, and pressed “Y” when a warning
came up on my screen. Then I activated the control code: 23 followed by
shift-apostrophe. When the next round began, I just sat back and watched
my scripts at work. My Counter-terrorist automatically hopped around
lobbing grenades and shooting the shotgun at every conceivable terrorist
hiding spot. It’s amazing what you can do with a few keyboard shortcuts,
you know, if you string them together.

I saw his terrorist strafe, pick up the bomb, then jump up on a crate
while throwing a smoke grenade the other direction. Of course I’d
already anticipated that when I wrote my shortcut, so my macro shot
toward the top of the crate with my shotty. Round over! I won.

“GG :o)” my opponent typed.

What’s this? A NOSE on the SMILEY? That’s something a GIRL would do.
Fortunately I had shortcuts ready for just such an occasion: I hit
SHIFT-T followed by “F” and then the “1” key to ask: “Definitely! Hey,
are you a girl?”

...and she was! Wow. I never even CONSIDERED that I would ever seriously
have a reason to use my SHIFT-T F shortcuts, but I had over 200 stored
in there useful for picking up on women over the Internet. I hit her up
with a little SHIFT-T F 32, and then I dropped into the smoove SHIFT-T F
67s -- that’s hot stuff. No matter what I macroed, she had a macro
response ready. This girl was a WILDCAT!

Within like ten minutes we were cybersex0ring.

We did it all with macros. CTRL-S! CTRL-S! CTRL-S!