---
blurb: >
  What am I going to do when my benefits run out? Maybe, like a professional football
  player, I'll become a TV announcer.
color: false
date: '2002-11-14'
history:
- date: '2002-12-19 13:27:24'
  votes:
  - 99
  - 22
  - 30
  - 36
  - 63
  - 83
  - 157
  - 340
  - 443
  - 1293
- date: '2002-12-19 13:59:37'
  votes:
  - 99
  - 22
  - 30
  - 36
  - 63
  - 83
  - 157
  - 340
  - 443
  - 1293
- date: '2003-02-27 04:20:54'
  votes:
  - 99
  - 22
  - 30
  - 36
  - 63
  - 83
  - 159
  - 348
  - 455
  - 1313
- date: '2003-04-21 16:24:44'
  votes:
  - 99
  - 23
  - 30
  - 36
  - 63
  - 84
  - 159
  - 350
  - 455
  - 1321
- date: '2003-06-25 20:34:18'
  votes:
  - 99
  - 23
  - 30
  - 36
  - 63
  - 84
  - 160
  - 354
  - 456
  - 1328
- date: '2003-08-13 01:12:42'
  votes:
  - 99
  - 23
  - 30
  - 36
  - 63
  - 84
  - 160
  - 358
  - 457
  - 1335
- date: '2003-10-17 16:52:43'
  votes:
  - 99
  - 23
  - 30
  - 36
  - 64
  - 85
  - 161
  - 361
  - 460
  - 1345
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 100
  - 23
  - 30
  - 36
  - 64
  - 86
  - 165
  - 365
  - 465
  - 1377
id: 513
permalink: /513/as-a-professional-gamer-my-recent-onset-of-motion-sickness-has-qualified-me-for-disability-benefits/
score: 8.51
title: As a professional gamer, my recent onset of motion sickness has qualified me
  for disability benefits.
vicpic: victimpics/nov02/motionsickbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/nov02/motionsick.png
votes: 2733
---

I guess it would be difficult to pinpoint the exact date, but I first
noticed it at a local tournament at the LANCenter across from GameWorks.
During a particularly intense *Soldier of Fortune* contest, I suddenly
felt as though the floor beneath my feet were swimming and swaying. Then
it seemed to me like the frame of my monitor was rocking back and forth
as I moved my mouse. Before I really could put my finger on what was
wrong, I leaned over and vomited.

I’m not certain what would cause the onset of motion sickness late in
life, however, as you can imagine, it has profound ramifications for my
chosen career. You see, I’m a professional gamer.

*Unreal Tournament 2003* was released and I began a strict regimen of
training, knowing that this was to be the next de-facto deathmatch and
team game. However, thanks to the fast pace, smooth framerate, and
colorful graphics, my problem only intensified.

At this point, I can’t even *look* at a flag without succumbing to the
hurl.

The Welfare office was white with a sea of faded carpeted cubicles
undulating under the glare of probing fluorescent lights. The woman
handling my claim couldn’t find my career in her career database, so we
had to fill out a special exception under the heading “Professional
Athlete.” When she asked to describe the problem I gave her a detailed
description of the Technicolor yawn. Problem was, she couldn’t quite
understand what a professional gamer *did*.

Fortunately I brought my *Unreal Tournament 2003* disks with me, and
seeing that her office was equipped with surprisingly contemporary
hardware, I installed it for her. I couldn’t even *look* at the screen
as she tooled around shooting rockets on an empty map. But she still
didn’t understand how I could play it as a *sport*, and by this time a
crowd had gathered around her cubicle.

So I installed the game on *everyone’s* machine, and showed them how to
start a giant team game. Then their departmental senior supervisor
stepped in to intervene. “Okay, Disability Claims and Adjustments on the
Red Team! Unemployment Benefits on the Blue Team!” he shouted, standing
on a desk.

They whooped and hollered for over an hour, ignoring the ringing phones
and line of people outside reception. The whole time, I was doubled over
the paper recycling bin, emptying the contents of my stomach, ‘cuz
everywhere I looked Egyptian textures were whirling across a flickering
screen. It was humiliating and degrading.

But now I get a check for like ten grand a month. God bless the system.