---
blurb: >2+

color: true
date: '2002-11-16'
history:
- date: '2002-12-04 16:50:57'
  votes:
  - 28
  - 5
  - 10
  - 9
  - 24
  - 39
  - 85
  - 181
  - 291
  - 1057
- date: '2002-12-04 17:42:43'
  votes:
  - 28
  - 5
  - 10
  - 9
  - 24
  - 39
  - 85
  - 181
  - 291
  - 1057
- date: '2003-02-27 10:09:58'
  votes:
  - 28
  - 5
  - 10
  - 9
  - 24
  - 42
  - 86
  - 190
  - 301
  - 1105
- date: '2003-02-27 10:27:26'
  votes:
  - 28
  - 5
  - 10
  - 9
  - 24
  - 42
  - 86
  - 190
  - 301
  - 1105
- date: '2003-04-21 20:19:39'
  votes:
  - 28
  - 5
  - 10
  - 9
  - 25
  - 42
  - 88
  - 191
  - 306
  - 1108
- date: '2003-04-21 20:31:14'
  votes:
  - 28
  - 5
  - 10
  - 9
  - 25
  - 42
  - 88
  - 191
  - 306
  - 1108
- date: '2003-07-27 22:49:59'
  votes:
  - 28
  - 5
  - 10
  - 9
  - 25
  - 43
  - 90
  - 192
  - 307
  - 1132
- date: '2003-10-18 07:40:41'
  votes:
  - 28
  - 5
  - 10
  - 9
  - 25
  - 43
  - 93
  - 197
  - 309
  - 1143
- date: '2003-10-18 08:30:51'
  votes:
  - 28
  - 5
  - 10
  - 9
  - 25
  - 43
  - 93
  - 197
  - 309
  - 1143
- date: '2003-12-16 17:10:47'
  votes:
  - 28
  - 5
  - 10
  - 9
  - 25
  - 43
  - 93
  - 198
  - 310
  - 1149
- date: '2003-12-16 17:14:45'
  votes:
  - 28
  - 5
  - 10
  - 9
  - 25
  - 43
  - 93
  - 198
  - 310
  - 1149
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 28
  - 5
  - 10
  - 9
  - 25
  - 43
  - 94
  - 200
  - 313
  - 1165
id: 514
permalink: /514/playing-games-like-everquest-over-a-cell-phone-presents-unique-challenges/
score: 9.01
title: Playing games like *EverQuest* over a cell phone presents unique challenges.
vicpic: victimpics/nov02/cellphonebig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/nov02/cellphone.png
votes: 1910
---

Inspired by [the guy I met with a big-screen surround-sound wireless
Game Boy](@/victim/509.md), I knew that I needed to really get my
geek on. After all, a techie like me can’t back down from a challenge.
That’s why I decided to see if I could play *EverQuest* on my cell
phone.

There were, of course, two ways to tackle this problem. The first was to
use a standard non-color cell phone with a text message capability, then
rig up a webcam to your PC and run the output through a JPG-to-ASCII art
converter, then send the updates to the cell phone... Of course that
would be silly. But that’s why I’d do it.

A much simpler way would be to use my Nokia 9200 cell phone, which has a
full color screen. You would load EverQuest on a Citrix terminal server,
download the Citrix client for Symbian OS (what the Nokia 9200 uses),
and presto! You dial into the terminal server via the cell phone and
open EverQuest remotely. Sure it’s slow, but you can actually play it.
Only a crazy man would do it ... but I am just such a man.

I had so much fun playing *EverQuest* on the bus that I started loading
all kinds of massively multiplayer games on there. Within a week I had
*Camelot*, *Earth & Beyond*, *Asheron’s Call*, and a half dozen others.
It was on one such game that I saw something *really* disturbing.

I was sitting in the reading room of the Inn when suddenly a wizard in
dark robes clambered in through the window and shut it behind him. Even
in my tiny cell phone screen I could see that he was beaten and mauled,
perhaps on his last legs. I frantically hit key strokes in order to give
him one of my healing potions, during which time he babbled to me in
short, typo-ridden sentences.

“They’re after me!” he said. “I don’t know why, but they’re after me!
It’s like half the server is out to get me!”

I wanted to tell him not to be ridiculous, but I knew that it would take
me too long to type it in on my tiny cell phone keyboard. I just had my
character nod.

“No, I’m serious,” he said, emoting angry gestures. “I’ve been killed 10
times in the last two hours — [there is a well-organized plot to
player-kill me!](@/victim/490.md)”

As if on queue, two of the men who had been hunting him burst through
the door to the reading room. One was a burly man in shimmering gold
armor, the other was a wizard in sparkling robes and a turban. “Found
him!” they shouted. Their intended victim called out for my help, but
what could I do? How do you explain to someone that you’re no good at
player-combat because everything you do has to be typed into a cell
phone?

Before I could finish thumbing out the words “Let’s talk this over,” the
attacking wizard rooted his victim to the floor with clinging green
vines and the fighter neatly lopped off the head of his prey. With nary
a word they looted his body. Then — here’s the weird part:

*They gave me all his stuff.*

Then they ran off, presumably to find him again wherever he respawned.
Weird. Sometimes I just don’t understand the online RPG crowd.

\[Thanks once again to Joseph Pizzitola, who
[submitted](mailto:feedback@gamespy.com) his suggestions for ways to
play MMO games via cell phone.\]