---
blurb: >
  I think my TiVo hates me. I threatened to take it back, and now it's showing me
  all these TV shows about suicide. What's it trying to say?
color: false
date: '2002-11-27'
history:
- date: '2002-12-14 21:01:17'
  votes:
  - 46
  - 11
  - 19
  - 9
  - 28
  - 41
  - 124
  - 254
  - 409
  - 1825
- date: '2002-12-14 21:05:40'
  votes:
  - 46
  - 11
  - 19
  - 9
  - 28
  - 41
  - 124
  - 254
  - 409
  - 1825
- date: '2003-04-09 17:02:19'
  votes:
  - 59
  - 14
  - 21
  - 12
  - 31
  - 47
  - 138
  - 283
  - 456
  - 2168
- date: '2003-06-25 20:50:22'
  votes:
  - 68
  - 14
  - 24
  - 13
  - 33
  - 50
  - 142
  - 296
  - 475
  - 2326
- date: '2003-10-14 08:30:56'
  votes:
  - 75
  - 14
  - 24
  - 15
  - 38
  - 53
  - 148
  - 304
  - 501
  - 2523
- date: '2004-02-08 20:08:30'
  votes:
  - 78
  - 15
  - 24
  - 16
  - 38
  - 53
  - 148
  - 308
  - 505
  - 2559
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 78
  - 15
  - 24
  - 16
  - 40
  - 53
  - 148
  - 312
  - 505
  - 2584
id: 519
permalink: /519/my-tivo-thinks-im-japanese/
score: 9.14
title: My TiVo thinks I’m Japanese.
vicpic: victimpics/nov02/tivobig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/nov02/tivo.png
votes: 3796
---

I shelled out big bucks to get a TiVo with the biggest hard drive
possible. I had high hopes for finally getting CONTROL of this TV habit
of mine, instead of the TV controlling me.

So I was pretty thrilled when I set the thing up. That night on NBC I
was watching *Will and Grace* and there was this scene where the
red-headed chick was bouncing around in this tight top, so I hit the
“Thumbs up” button on the remote control. Then I went to bed.

The next day when I got home from work I saw that my TiVo had taken upon
itself to record about 36 hours worth of gay television programming. I
didn’t even realize there *was* that much gay TV. I stared at the menu
in disbelief and called up my friend Crenshaw.

“My TiVo thinks I’m gay!” I said. “It just recorded like a day’s worth
of, shall we say, ‘alternative lifestyle’ television. Right now it’s
showing me a program about decorating.”

“Well, decorating isn’t necessarily gay.”

“Dude, they’re decorating *each other.*”

Crenshaw audibly winced over the phone. “Then just push the Thumbs down
button a bunch of times.”

“No no no!” I said. “I don’t want my TiVo to think I’m some kind of
homophobic jerk. I have an open mind. I’m cool with gay people. I just
don’t want it thinking that I swing that way. What will it tell the
other TiVos? What if my mom comes over and flips on the TV?”

Crenshaw grunted. “I’ll be right over,” he said.

Twenty minutes later he was standing in my living room, waving the
remote control around like a weapon. “You really can’t mince around with
these TiVos, Todd. If you wanted to turn on a machine and have it tell
you you were gay all the time, you would just play *Counter-Strike*
online.” He sniffed. “No sir, you have to show these TiVos who’s boss.
For instance, through careful TiVo preference engineering, I’ve managed
to program mine to show me nothing but 70s blaxploitation flicks and
spandex women doing aerobics.”

“So what’s the plan?”

“Well, we need to seriously machofy your viewing preferences. Ah! Look
at this. A documentary on Samurai warriors. Men with armor and swords
killing each other, that’s pretty solid. Three thumbs up. Oh, and look!
Iron Chef! That show’s pretty badass, I’ll give it a thumb. We gotta be
careful, though, if we go too far you’ll get nothing but cooking shows.
Ah-ho! Kung Fu Theatre! Definitely manly, thumb thumb thumb.” He handed
me back my remote. “The Doctor has spoken.”

I was out with my brother’s family all weekend so it was a couple of
days before I got back to my TV. My playlist had been completely
replaced ... with *Japanese* programming. I called up Crenshaw.

“Now it thinks I’m Japanese!” I spat into the phone. “I can’t even
understand what people are saying. Look at the program it’s showing me
now, for instance. It looks like a Japanese guy. I can’t tell what he’s
saying. Some kind of business deal. Uh oh, he’s pulling out handcuffs.
He’s talking to another Japanese man ... and ... Wah! *Now they’re
cuddling!* You hooked me up with gay Japanese adult movies! It’s gay
Japorno!”

“Calm down, calm down. The way I see it, we’re a third of the way there:
Your TiVo has already identified that you like adult movies,” Crenshaw
explained. “Hurry up and thumb up the Clint Eastwood marathon on channel
seven.”

I flipped over to *The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly* and gave it three
thumbs up. “Now what?” I asked.

“Now just chill and wait until it gives you a new recommendation.”

I tabbed through my TiVo menus. “Ah, here we go, it found something! I’m
changing the channel now. Oh ... oh ... sweet Judas, on my television
screen right now there’s a Japanese man in a cowboy hat riding on top of
another Japanese man. *What have you done!?*”

“Aw, relax man. TiVo recommends that show to *everybody.*”