---
blurb: >
  Oh crap, here he comes. Quick, put this pot on your head. Don't ask -- he's the
  KING!
color: false
date: '2002-12-12'
history:
- date: '2002-12-22 04:41:03'
  votes:
  - 52
  - 17
  - 15
  - 13
  - 46
  - 60
  - 154
  - 302
  - 469
  - 1334
- date: '2003-03-13 22:07:03'
  votes:
  - 56
  - 18
  - 16
  - 14
  - 47
  - 61
  - 162
  - 318
  - 496
  - 1441
- date: '2003-08-18 03:56:58'
  votes:
  - 56
  - 18
  - 16
  - 14
  - 47
  - 62
  - 165
  - 323
  - 502
  - 1467
- date: '2003-10-19 17:32:46'
  votes:
  - 56
  - 18
  - 16
  - 14
  - 48
  - 62
  - 165
  - 325
  - 503
  - 1473
- date: '2003-12-16 12:32:30'
  votes:
  - 57
  - 18
  - 16
  - 15
  - 48
  - 62
  - 165
  - 325
  - 504
  - 1482
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 57
  - 18
  - 16
  - 15
  - 48
  - 62
  - 165
  - 327
  - 507
  - 1504
id: 529
permalink: /529/dont-go-in-there-hanss-game-of-medieval-total-war-has-spun-into-a-harrowing-caligulalike-descent-into-debauchery/
score: 8.85
title: 'Don’t go in there! Hans’s game of *Medieval: Total War* has spun into a harrowing
  Caligula-like descent into debauchery!'
vicpic: victimpics/dec02/caligulabig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/dec02/caligula.png
votes: 2733
---

STAY BACK, man! Just stay away from the whole upstairs! Last night Hans
started a game of *Medieval: Total War* on “Expert” difficulty. We all
assumed that he’d be crushed within two generations, and -- perhaps
shortsightedly -- we mocked him and his pitiful two-province empire.

Round about 2 AM he had managed to conquer Russia. “Napoleon and Hitler
failed where his Eminence the Almighty Hans succeeded!” he cried out,
banging his fists on the desk. By four AM he was howling and cackling as
he waged war with the Italians.

This morning he called in sick from work and started bellowing out
orders to us. “His majesty demands DR PEPPER!” he’d shout. “Each
individual ice cube must be towel-dried!” By then he’d placed his chair
up on top of a milk crate and had a comforter wrapped around him like a
robe. A couple hours ago he announced that he was naming his horse to
the Senate, and then he popped a few caffeine pills and -- twitching --
declared his middle name a national holiday. Shortly thereafter he
started blasting the National Anthem of Poland on his stereo system.

I only just escaped -- he had locked me into his closet, propped the
dresser against it, and called it his “dungeon.” He also declared that
his birthday would be celebrated with Bacchanalian pomp and revelry --
of course, since every turn in the game is one year, that means he
demands that we party every turn. I don’t even know WHERE he found the
all of those girls that are up there, but just before the floggings and
his call for a Crusade against the garbage can I noticed they were
feeding him *grapes!*

Just trust me, stay down here before King Hans sees you milling about
and demands that you put on your “armor.” That’s why Chris is wrapped in
aluminum foil. Oh no, he’s alive, just passed out. Best to let him rest.

\[Loosely based on [This Forum
Thread](https://web.archive.org/web/20021212000000/http://www.forumplanet.com/gamespy/topic.asp?fid=1422&tid=897757&p=1)
by fans of the game, which would take forever to read through. But now
you don’t have a choice, do you?\]
