---
blurb: >
  Several miles away, a young man tried desperately to save his copy of WarCraft III
  from the searing fury of the flames that so unexpectedly had engulfed his home.
color: false
date: '2003-01-08'
history:
- date: '2003-04-21 23:52:08'
  votes:
  - 117
  - 19
  - 16
  - 20
  - 30
  - 64
  - 118
  - 189
  - 343
  - 1186
- date: '2003-07-20 02:42:04'
  votes:
  - 120
  - 19
  - 17
  - 21
  - 30
  - 68
  - 121
  - 196
  - 346
  - 1210
- date: '2003-07-20 02:43:20'
  votes:
  - 120
  - 19
  - 17
  - 21
  - 30
  - 68
  - 121
  - 196
  - 346
  - 1210
- date: '2003-08-03 17:24:40'
  votes:
  - 120
  - 19
  - 17
  - 21
  - 30
  - 68
  - 121
  - 198
  - 346
  - 1211
- date: '2003-08-03 18:33:55'
  votes:
  - 120
  - 19
  - 17
  - 21
  - 30
  - 68
  - 121
  - 198
  - 346
  - 1211
- date: '2004-02-11 04:56:16'
  votes:
  - 122
  - 20
  - 18
  - 22
  - 30
  - 70
  - 122
  - 206
  - 356
  - 1246
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 122
  - 20
  - 18
  - 22
  - 32
  - 71
  - 123
  - 207
  - 359
  - 1260
id: 541
permalink: /541/just-lie-low-and-follow-my-lead-dude-well-get-this-playstation-2-modchipped-you-just-gotta-know-the-right-people/
score: 8.54
title: Just lie low and follow my lead, dude. We’ll get this PlayStation 2 mod-chipped.
  You just gotta know the right people.
vicpic: victimpics/jan03/modchipbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/jan03/modchip.png
votes: 2253
---

That’s exactly what I said. “Lie low,” I told my little brother. “We’ll
get this PlayStation 2 mod-chipped.” That was yesterday, just before the
weirdest experience of my short but eventful life.

So we went to the mall, but we avoided the main mall and instead drove
across the parking lot to that strip mall out back. You know, the one
with the liquor store and the massage parlor, with the little bitty used
videogame dealership in-between. We walked toward the place with our
collars up around our necks and our hats pulled down low, not because
the winter breeze was so cold, but because we were on a secret mission.
See, we wanted that [special chip](@/victim/142.md) put into our
PlayStation 2, the one that lets you play foreign or copied games. And
you gotta know the right people to get it done.

The store was dark and it was filled with metal cages that had games
hanging from them, kinda like backstage at a WWF brawl. The Asian kid at
the front of the store was standing rigid behind the counter, looking
really nervous. As we walked up, I saw his eyes dart down to the
PlayStation 2 we were carrying in a plastic bag, and -- very subtly --
he shook his head “no.” I guess I didn’t understand the gesture.

I walked up, put the PlayStation 2 on the counter, and I said (in a
whisper) “Dude, can you install a mod chip in here for me?”

Suddenly, all of the cages in the room shook as a loud crash roared from
the back room. The Asian clerk dove behind the counter, weeping
something in a language I didn’t understand. And then a balding man in a
dark suit roared into the room, like the cat who caught the canary, and
pointed one chubby, hairy-knuckled finger at me.

“AH HAH!” he roared, looking at me with hate-filled eyes brimming over
large wire-framed spectacles. My jaw dropped. He looked ... so familiar
...

“OMG it’s DICK CHENEY!” my brother cried out, hiding behind me.

“That’s right,” the man snarled. “And you boys were about to perpetrate
a crime against the American people. What exactly were you going to *do*
with that modification chip? Let me guess: you were going to watch DVD
movies encoded with a different regional code, weren’t you?”

“Well, sir actually we--”

“YOU WERE, Weren’cha? Let me ask you this: How on God’s green earth are
large publishing conglomerates supposed to control your dollars if they
can’t control what you watch and how and when? That’s downright
un-American, son.”

“Actually,” I squeaked. “We just wanted to play import video games.”

“IMPORT VIDEO GAMES!” he stammered, pulling at what remained of his
hair. “From JAPAN? Might I remind you how many of us DIED fighting those
bastards? You know those games aren’t in English, don’t you? You know
what else isn’t English? FOREIGNERS. You’re willing to SELL YOUR SOUL
and your PRECIOUS FREEDOMS just for crisper graphics, better artistry,
and intuitive gameplay? That’s pretty GOT-DAMNED un-American if you ask
me. What you boys need is an X-box, big as a Ford Truck, something that
charges you to play online and makes you buy a separate remote just to
watch DVDs, that’s the ‘merican way.”

“Sorry Mister Cheney,” my brother and I said in unison, heads bowed.

But it was too late. “Thanks to your new and improved abbreviated
constitutional rights,” he explained, pulling out a large sinister cell
phone, “It’s now within my jurisdiction to remotely burn your house
down.”

He pushed a few buttons on his cell phone, frowning with determination.
Then, suddenly, the color drained from his face. Something had gone very
wrong. The room fell deathly silent. Slowly, the Asian store clerk
peeked up from over the counter, Kilroy-style, to see what was going on.

“...what’s the matter, Mr. Cheney?” my brother asked.

“I think I dialed the wrong number,” he said.