---
blurb: >
  Later that evening, two kids came walking by with a PS2 in a plastic bag. "See?"
  the one said, pointing to the wreckage. "He wasn't bluffing!"
color: false
date: '2003-01-09'
history:
- date: '2003-02-28 03:07:06'
  votes:
  - 42
  - 7
  - 14
  - 12
  - 35
  - 41
  - 103
  - 250
  - 436
  - 1382
- date: '2003-04-21 20:29:08'
  votes:
  - 44
  - 7
  - 14
  - 13
  - 35
  - 42
  - 104
  - 256
  - 444
  - 1400
- date: '2003-04-21 20:31:03'
  votes:
  - 44
  - 7
  - 14
  - 13
  - 35
  - 42
  - 104
  - 256
  - 444
  - 1400
- date: '2003-07-07 15:30:18'
  votes:
  - 44
  - 7
  - 14
  - 13
  - 35
  - 42
  - 104
  - 259
  - 452
  - 1413
- date: '2003-08-20 14:39:49'
  votes:
  - 44
  - 7
  - 14
  - 13
  - 35
  - 44
  - 107
  - 260
  - 453
  - 1422
- date: '2003-08-20 15:23:25'
  votes:
  - 44
  - 7
  - 14
  - 13
  - 35
  - 44
  - 107
  - 260
  - 453
  - 1422
- date: '2003-10-17 15:57:15'
  votes:
  - 44
  - 7
  - 14
  - 13
  - 35
  - 45
  - 107
  - 262
  - 455
  - 1433
- date: '2003-10-17 17:11:14'
  votes:
  - 44
  - 7
  - 14
  - 13
  - 35
  - 45
  - 107
  - 262
  - 455
  - 1434
- date: '2004-02-11 12:20:42'
  votes:
  - 44
  - 7
  - 14
  - 13
  - 37
  - 45
  - 108
  - 265
  - 465
  - 1463
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 44
  - 7
  - 14
  - 13
  - 37
  - 45
  - 108
  - 266
  - 468
  - 1482
id: 542
permalink: /542/anything-less-than-thirddegree-burns-is-no-reason-to-quit-a-perfectly-good-game-of-warcraft-iii/
score: 8.99
title: Anything less than *third*-degree burns is no reason to quit a perfectly good
  game of *WarCraft III*.
vicpic: victimpics/jan03/burninghousebig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/jan03/burninghouse.png
votes: 2506
---

...especially when you’re winning. There I was, locked in a bitter
dispute over a couple centrally located gold mines with another player
who was [playing as the Undead and screaming
obscenities](@/victim/536.md). It was a brutal fight, but I appeared
to be gaining the upper hand.

Then, inexplicably, [my house burst into flames for no apparent
reason](@/victim/541.md). It was completely random, as though some
sort of space-based incendiary satellite system had targeted my
residence and set the living room alight. I could see the flash of
flames out of my bedroom window overlooking the roof of the first floor,
but fortunately I was on the other side of the house.

Fortunate, of course, but still under pressure: Now I had to make my
move against the Undead stronghold faster than I was really prepared
for. I quickly cranked out some huntresses and archers and made my move.
By this time, the smoke was pouring up the stairs in thick choking
clouds and I had to lower myself to the floor to get clean air.

After all, you can’t just bail out in the middle of a game. It really
impacts your rating on Battle.net.

My Priestess managed to sock his town with a Starfall, and then she
managed to kill off his Death Knight, but she was nearly dead by the
time that was over. And the remains of his army came bearing down ... I
had to pull back and regroup with some reinforcements!

By this time flames had crawled across the backside of the house, and
licks of fire were ascending the stairs. The back windows buckled and
cracked in the heat, and the upstairs bathroom burst into flames. As my
forces regrouped and some hippogryphs came to my aid, I took the
opportunity to open my window and step out onto the roof above my porch.
I pulled my monitor, mouse and keyboard out with me -- thank God my
Internet connection hadn’t been severed yet! I still had the upper hand.

I renewed my attack, even with a weakened hero. My opponent sensed it.
“You’re pushing your luck!” he typed -- he had just resurrected his
hero.

“house on fire” I typed back.

The speed with which the flames engulfed the walls of my former bedroom
was almost as horrific as the battle that erupted on my screen over the
course of the next minute or so. Right there in the center of his Undead
town, my forces bored down on what was left of his army. Steel sliced
sinew; magic seared flesh. And as I fought on my rooftop, waves of heat
blasted through the open window. During the apex of the battle I reached
forward and closed it, careful to leave just an inch or so for the cords
that snaked inside.

His hero fell in a screaming mass only moments after my own was cut down
in battle! He had just a small group of ghouls left -- three ghouls ...
two ... one ... flames filled the window, licking my fingertips, melting
my computer inside, but I was about to WIN!

Suddenly I guess the fire hit the gas line, because the resulting
explosion blew me from the roof in a hail of shingles and splintered
siding.

But I’m pretty sure ... the moment before my screen went dark and hurled
across the street with me, tumbling amid the stars and debris before
crashing into the neighbors shrubbery ... I’m pretty sure it said
“Victory” on there. I’ll have to check Battle.net when I can next get
online. It’ll be a while. Nothing’s left of my house but a latticework
of charcoaled beams resting haphazardly around a crater.

Did I mention I think I won?