---
blurb: >
  Then Chuck came upstairs and burst into our room, weeping. "You ruined my LIFE!"
  he wailed.


  He was *wearing* a wedding veil!
color: false
date: '2003-01-14'
history:
- date: '2003-02-28 02:17:51'
  votes:
  - 29
  - 4
  - 6
  - 11
  - 24
  - 29
  - 70
  - 167
  - 321
  - 1603
- date: '2003-02-28 02:31:33'
  votes:
  - 29
  - 4
  - 6
  - 11
  - 24
  - 29
  - 70
  - 167
  - 321
  - 1603
- date: '2003-04-09 17:05:29'
  votes:
  - 35
  - 4
  - 7
  - 11
  - 25
  - 34
  - 77
  - 183
  - 344
  - 1731
- date: '2003-04-09 17:11:14'
  votes:
  - 35
  - 4
  - 7
  - 11
  - 25
  - 34
  - 77
  - 183
  - 344
  - 1731
- date: '2003-07-07 05:05:06'
  votes:
  - 37
  - 4
  - 7
  - 11
  - 26
  - 35
  - 82
  - 186
  - 360
  - 1812
- date: '2003-07-07 05:11:22'
  votes:
  - 37
  - 4
  - 7
  - 11
  - 26
  - 35
  - 82
  - 186
  - 360
  - 1812
- date: '2003-08-12 23:07:31'
  votes:
  - 37
  - 4
  - 7
  - 11
  - 26
  - 35
  - 84
  - 189
  - 364
  - 1843
- date: '2003-10-12 00:44:32'
  votes:
  - 37
  - 5
  - 7
  - 11
  - 27
  - 36
  - 86
  - 194
  - 376
  - 1912
- date: '2003-12-21 01:28:45'
  votes:
  - 42
  - 5
  - 8
  - 11
  - 29
  - 36
  - 88
  - 196
  - 384
  - 1975
- date: '2007-07-04 00:30:18'
  votes:
  - 44
  - 5
  - 8
  - 11
  - 31
  - 40
  - 94
  - 213
  - 413
  - 2165
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 44
  - 5
  - 8
  - 11
  - 31
  - 40
  - 94
  - 213
  - 413
  - 2165
id: 546
permalink: /546/online-weddings-online-schmeddings-like-im-supposed-to-get-all-hopped-up-about-the-marriage-of-lady-gloria-perfectteeth/
score: 9.24
title: Online weddings, online schmeddings. Like I’m supposed to get all hopped up
  about the marriage of “Lady Gloria Perfectteeth.”
vicpic: victimpics/jan03/angrypointbig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/jan03/angrypoint.gif
votes: 3057
---

You heard me. People are stupid, the stupidest ones get on the Internet,
and the people that *those* people make fun of are the ones who get
married online. Take my roommate, for instance. Today he was gonna get
married in his favorite online RPG. But then his best man, [some stupid
elf](@/victim/545.md), got detained. I dunno the whole story.
Apparently he was planting flowers and some guy shot him in the butt
with an air rifle.

I would’ve paid to see that.

So my roommate asks *me* to be the best man at the online wedding, since
I was right there and since I’ve been too lazy to cancel my player
account. I played that game and couldn’t get past level ten because I
realized the faint albeit delicious possibility that there was more to
life than left-clicking on mice and bunnies. But what could I say? My
roommate’s online wedding was the closest thing he had to a social life,
besides the nights he plays *Mortal Kombat* with that [button masher
guy](@/victim/518.md) upstairs.

So because of that stupid missing elf, there I was, standing up at an
altar near one of the dungeons, wearing my nicest armor and holding the
ring (a +5 ring of defense). “We are gathered here about Mt. Frostmore
for a solemn and dutious occasion...” typed the officiate, some level 50
Lord of some sort.

“Let’s move this along,” I typed. “Me and the guys in hall 4B are
duplicating every game of the NFL playoffs in *Madden*.” Everyone
shushed me.

Then it came time for me to hand over the ring, but I almost couldn’t
find it in my inventory because everyone had been handing me bags of
rice earlier. “Have a ring, smacktard!” I typed -- I meant it as a
private message, but I accidentally said it aloud.

So he hands the ring to his woman, and I take a good look at her. Her
name is “Lady Gloria Perfectteeth.” Yah, that’s ... that’s great. But
then I remember Chuck from downstairs talking about his character at
lunch the other day ... I’m thinking, “No way.” But I right click on his
character and call up the profile, and sure enough her email address is
from the school here. It was Chuck!

My roommate was marrying *another dude!*

“By the powers vested in me by the great council of Dornsmoth and the
Kingfisher’s Guild...” the official said. I jumped up and landed in
front of him.

“The Bride’s a MAN, MAN! Don’t do it! You’re throwing your life away!” I
typed. Swords were drawn; there was pandemonium across the courtyard.

Suddenly, into this mess, a [ragged character in dark wizard
robes](@/victim/119.md) limped into the center aisle, bleeding
profusely. “Halp, HALP,” he typed, staggering from one Knight to the
next. “They’re after me! I don’t know who, but [a whole mob of players
are trying to kill me 36 times in 24 hours!](@/victim/490.md)”

And then *they* came: a group of three archmages on horseback and a
couple of barbarians who hopped off a cart trailing behind. “They found
me!” wailed the wizard, just before the first volley of lightning
struck. Pews were thrown across the courtyard; Six or seven guests were
flung into the wedding cake before they expired. It served them all
right for wearing nice clothes instead of armor to the wedding!

Swords and maces and bows were drawn. I had no weapons handy, so I
lunged forward and clubbed the Padre on the head with a bag of rice.
“Run for it!” I cried to my roommate. “It’s your last chance!”

Then the fireball hit, casting limbs into the air where they splattered
all over the white decorative streamers. I was nearly blinded by the
flash, and narrowly missed being decapitated by the swinging arc of a
barbarian claymore. I crouched under the gifts table (which was rapidly
being looted) shortly before the summoned meteors turned a half dozen
other guests into a red paste. A helmet clattered across the
cobblestones in front of me, a severed head still within. I don't know
why I did it -- maybe I was overcome with bloodlust. But at this point I
burst out from under the table and beaned the dark wizard with a bag of
rice. It did one hit point of damage and dropped the guy to the ground,
dead.

“We did it!” his pursuers typed, as the wedding decorations smoldered
around us all and the guests that survived moaned for clerics. “We
killed him 36 times in 24 hours!” They hopped up and down excitedly
amidst the carnage... and then gave the survivors all the lewt.

“I take back everything I ever said,” I told my roommate, turning away
from my monitor to face him. “Online weddings are the coolest thing
EVER.”