---
blurb: >
  Just because they're in the Mafia doesn't mean they can't be reasoned with. Hmm.
  They're getting out of the boat and carrying *ballistas*. That's not good.
color: false
date: '2003-01-15'
history:
- date: '2003-02-28 02:55:54'
  votes:
  - 25
  - 2
  - 3
  - 4
  - 10
  - 30
  - 76
  - 204
  - 327
  - 1102
- date: '2003-04-09 22:56:36'
  votes:
  - 27
  - 3
  - 3
  - 6
  - 11
  - 33
  - 80
  - 212
  - 337
  - 1139
- date: '2003-04-09 23:10:27'
  votes:
  - 27
  - 3
  - 3
  - 6
  - 11
  - 33
  - 80
  - 212
  - 337
  - 1139
- date: '2003-06-28 04:18:52'
  votes:
  - 27
  - 3
  - 3
  - 6
  - 11
  - 33
  - 84
  - 215
  - 343
  - 1154
- date: '2003-06-28 04:24:12'
  votes:
  - 27
  - 3
  - 3
  - 6
  - 11
  - 33
  - 84
  - 215
  - 343
  - 1154
- date: '2003-08-12 21:04:26'
  votes:
  - 27
  - 3
  - 3
  - 6
  - 11
  - 33
  - 85
  - 216
  - 346
  - 1165
- date: '2003-08-13 01:27:35'
  votes:
  - 27
  - 3
  - 3
  - 6
  - 11
  - 33
  - 85
  - 216
  - 346
  - 1165
- date: '2003-10-14 08:36:52'
  votes:
  - 27
  - 3
  - 3
  - 6
  - 11
  - 33
  - 86
  - 220
  - 348
  - 1178
- date: '2004-02-28 18:15:40'
  votes:
  - 29
  - 3
  - 3
  - 6
  - 14
  - 34
  - 89
  - 237
  - 371
  - 1265
- date: '2004-02-28 18:19:07'
  votes:
  - 29
  - 3
  - 3
  - 6
  - 14
  - 34
  - 89
  - 237
  - 371
  - 1265
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 29
  - 3
  - 3
  - 6
  - 15
  - 35
  - 92
  - 243
  - 380
  - 1293
id: 547
permalink: /547/its-amazing-the-kind-of-lewt-you-can-nab-when-someone-fireballs-an-online-rpg-wedding-party/
score: 9.06
title: It’s amazing the kind of lewt you can nab when someone fireballs an online
  RPG wedding party.
vicpic: victimpics/jan03/lewtbig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/jan03/lewt.gif
votes: 2129
---

I guess I’m what you would call an online scavenger. I don’t really
“play” online roleplaying games so much as I collect stuff that falls
into my lap. It’s easier that way. None of this “killing monsters” or
“cooperating with people” or “developing my character” crap. I’m like a
rat. A digital rat.

Example: I can sniff out an online wedding a mile away. I see people
with white streamers walking around without armor, and I’m like a dog at
the dinner table. I would follow ‘em for miles.

For instance, look at what happened last night. Way up by Mt. Frostmore
I stumbled on this [online wedding](@/victim/546.md) that was all in
confusion because [the Best-Elf was detained](@/victim/545.md). This,
dear reader, was an opportunity!

I walked up to a trustworthy-looking knight. “Where do we put out gifts
for the lucky couple?” I typed to him. He pointed over to an ornate
table someone had placed near a dungeon entrance. I strolled over,
dropped a worthless newbie sword on the table, and casually slipped a +5
jewel-encrusted Firebrand into my inventory. Score!

I stood behind the table for a couple more minutes, waiting until more
guests arrived. “Gifts!” I started to type. “Gifts for the bride and
groom, over here!” People walked over and gave me their valuable stuff,
and I typed “Bless you sir, thank you sir...” After I scored each item
and tucked it in my inventory I would drop a similar-looking but
worthless object on the table.

During the ceremony I stood quietly by, figuring that I’d slip away
while everyone was paying attention to the rings. But this was no
ordinary wedding. The substitute Best Man jumped in front of the priest
and typed in all caps, “The Bride’s a MAN, MAN!” But, before pandemonium
could break out, pandemonium broke out when this [scraggly wizard busted
onto the scene, being chased by a half-dozen
playerkillers](@/victim/490.md). Before I could blink, the
bridesmaids were toast and six rows of pews were obliterated in a hail
of magical fire.

This, my friend, was a LEWT OPPORTUNITY.

Trying to look as small as possible, I skirted around the scene of the
battle and began looting bodies. With no small amount of pride I noticed
a bunch of guests rush to the gift table to grab the stuff -- all of it
was worthless by then, of course. The real goods were in my backpack. I
grabbed a +3 mithril helmet that rolled across the cobblestones, shook
the severed head out of it, and tossed it in my sack. Then, the Best Man
clubbed the ragged wizard to death with a bag of rice.

Allow me to state, for the record, that this was the best online wedding
*ever*.

Anyways, I managed to grab this weapon from the dead wizard’s pile of
stuff. Most powerful sword I ever scavenged. Look at this! Unreal. Now,
the player who had it before me stamped an engraving on it, but so far
as I could tell, it was just a bunch of gibberish characters.

Naturally this morning I celebrated my haul in the local tavern
overlooking the Salten sea. “Look at this guys,” I typed to all the
drunken dwarves and clamoring Bards. “Someone engraved this symbol on
the sword: |&lt;|^|^|. What’s it mean?”

Suddenly, the noise stopped. Flagons crashed to the ground. Somebody
gasped. At least half the patrons logged out immediately.

“That lewt belongs to the [Korean Mafia](@/victim/335.md),” a
one-eyed Bard in the corner typed. “You’d best just bury it in a hole
and stay offline for a couple months. Nobody takes these games as
seriously as the Koreans.”

“When they find out...” shuddered a dwarf who was hiding under a table.
Suddenly, he logged out with a puff of smoke.

This awkward moment was broken by the sounds of footsteps outside. I
little second-level character, running up from the docks, busted in
through the door. “The Koreans are coming! The Koreans are coming!” he
shouted. I rushed to the window and sure enough down below I could see
the pointed sails of their junks creeping up along the shore. I turned
around to comment on this series of events to my fellow bar patrons, but
the room was empty. The tavern door swung in the breeze and several of
them could be seen running frantically down the valley away from the
shore.

Well, no worries. I’m sure the Koreans will accept that I found this
lewt fair and square.