---
blurb: >
  Hmm, the SWAT team won't answer? Well, can't we call in some kind of Special Forces?
  Maybe one of them British SAS teams. Yeh, I understand we're not in what you'd call
  Britain proper. But -- okay, I'll shush.
color: false
date: '2003-04-17'
history:
- date: '2003-04-22 14:16:40'
  votes:
  - 69
  - 17
  - 14
  - 14
  - 37
  - 61
  - 123
  - 240
  - 310
  - 711
- date: '2003-04-22 14:47:10'
  votes:
  - 69
  - 17
  - 14
  - 14
  - 37
  - 61
  - 123
  - 240
  - 311
  - 712
- date: '2003-07-27 12:34:30'
  votes:
  - 72
  - 17
  - 14
  - 15
  - 43
  - 70
  - 135
  - 260
  - 330
  - 767
- date: '2003-07-27 22:51:03'
  votes:
  - 72
  - 17
  - 14
  - 15
  - 43
  - 70
  - 135
  - 260
  - 330
  - 767
- date: '2003-10-12 21:31:49'
  votes:
  - 72
  - 18
  - 14
  - 16
  - 44
  - 70
  - 136
  - 262
  - 334
  - 771
- date: '2003-12-27 07:13:48'
  votes:
  - 72
  - 18
  - 14
  - 16
  - 44
  - 71
  - 137
  - 263
  - 335
  - 774
- date: '2004-02-07 22:04:12'
  votes:
  - 72
  - 18
  - 14
  - 16
  - 44
  - 73
  - 137
  - 264
  - 340
  - 779
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 72
  - 18
  - 14
  - 16
  - 45
  - 74
  - 137
  - 264
  - 340
  - 784
id: 583
permalink: /583/no-sir-the-tingle-is-armed-and-almost-definitely-dangerous-i-think-hes-got-a-bomb/
score: 8.36
title: No, sir. The Tingle is *armed*, and almost definitely dangerous. I think he's
  got a bomb.
vicpic: victimpics/apr03/rentacopbig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/apr03/rentacop.gif
votes: 1776
---

Sir, yah sir, I understand that an' all. We here at NorWest Security
don't normally have a policy of requestin' backup. But I'd like to make
an exception. As you know, I do not carry a gun. Furthermore, the lights
on top of my cruiser are not actually hooked up. In fact, to make siren
noises, I roll down the window and yell "wooo." For these reasons, my
ability to intimidate unlawfuls is whatcha call lacking.

So I ask what I'm s'pose to do with this one: We have a [man in a pointy
costume thing](@/victim/581.md) who appears to have [run
amok](@/victim/582.md). Haven't you been listening to the scanner?

That's right, I was called on the scene when he tripped off the silent
alarm at the 7-11. Apparently he came in there with some sort of
bowling-ball sized bomb with a sparking fuse and demanded a
multi-colored "Magical" slurpee. Called himself "Tingle." Guy behind the
counter says he had no choice but to do what the little man said. Yes,
that's right sir, he gave him a slurpee. No sir, I don't reckon' it was
magic, I think it was just one of them normal slurpees. 'Cept he prolly
mixed all kinds of flavors up, like a rainbow. That's what I would do is
all I'm saying.

By the time I got here -- yelling "woo" out the window as loud as I
could, I'll swear on the Bible -- I caught the tail end of him jingling
off into the woods. He took one look at me, threw some confetti in the
air, and said "Fwoop." That's a fwoop, sir. F-W-O-O-P I'd imagine, but I
didn't ask. And then he was off into the woods screaming something about
*Zelda* and taking away his Tingle Tuner. I think he said "Fairy Boy
will have hell to pay."

No sir. I do not believe he is an Iraqi.

Well, wait, hol' on. That's just what I did: I engaged in pursuit. Right
up into the woods -- dark in there, I'll tell you something. But then he
turned to face me and I saw he was *armed*. I think he had a
*boomerang*.

That kind of situation calls for backup, you know what I'm saying? I
ain't facin' down no pointy little men with potentially lethal weapons,
when alls I got is a walkie talkie. I'm saying, you and me, we call in
the SWAT team. Can I get a little support for that idea? Thankya kindly.