---
blurb: >
  I will pause my tale now to blast the part of the music with the little electronic
  tweedling noises.


  WEEDLEEEWEEDLEEEWEEDLEEEWEEDLEEEWEEDLEEE-WOOO!wooooooooooooopp!


  Let us continue...
color: false
date: '2003-04-21'
history:
- date: '2003-05-29 04:09:22'
  votes:
  - 180
  - 40
  - 34
  - 44
  - 50
  - 83
  - 142
  - 205
  - 206
  - 585
- date: '2003-10-12 21:36:05'
  votes:
  - 186
  - 42
  - 34
  - 44
  - 54
  - 85
  - 146
  - 213
  - 211
  - 609
- date: '2003-12-26 22:57:04'
  votes:
  - 186
  - 42
  - 34
  - 44
  - 55
  - 85
  - 149
  - 213
  - 212
  - 614
- date: '2003-12-26 23:08:24'
  votes:
  - 186
  - 42
  - 34
  - 44
  - 55
  - 85
  - 149
  - 213
  - 212
  - 614
- date: '2004-02-28 18:22:56'
  votes:
  - 188
  - 42
  - 34
  - 46
  - 56
  - 87
  - 149
  - 215
  - 215
  - 624
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 188
  - 42
  - 34
  - 47
  - 57
  - 87
  - 151
  - 217
  - 215
  - 633
id: 586
permalink: /586/dance-dance-story-part-i-an-important-message-from-the-minstrel-of-ph4t-b33tz/
score: 7.34
title: 'Dance Dance Story Part I: An Important Message from the Minstrel of Ph4t B33tz'
vicpic: victimpics/apr03/dance1big.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/apr03/dance1.png
votes: 1693
---

Gather ‘round, my friends, crank the bass. For I shall spin, and to the
richness of this backbeat I shall also spin for you a story. A tale of
love and woe. A tale of man and woman, and the freshness that they
provide for one another when they get down.

It is a tale of love, but it is not a love story. It is a tale of war,
but it is not a war story. It is a story of *Dance Dance Revolution*. It
is **The Dance Dance Story**, and at many points in my tale this entire
mall full of people will form up into lines and dance a choreographed
number while snapping their fingers.

But I will take it now from the top, as these things are meant to be
taken.

It was nearly three years ago that [The
Revolutionary](@/victim/64.md) came. The man could dance, and dance
he did. I saw with my own eyes, saw it! Saw him *disappear into his own
pants* while executing a surprise knee-drop during *Love this Feeling*
from DDR 2nd Mix. Then, from *out of his fly*, a hand emerged to lift
his body into the air, and his two feet Matrix-Walked across the screen.
I tell you the truth. [The Revolutionary came and changed us
forever](@/victim/64.md). And he disappeared, back the way he came,
to places unknown in a haze of smoke and glowsticks.

I will pause the music — just for a moment — in deference to THE
MASTAH. And now the beatz will continue.

Soon they filled the arcades, his children and mine. They shuffled their
feet, they turned to the beat. Third mix, fourth mix, fifth mix ... The
people danced shoulder to shoulder, week after week, month after month.
Soon another arcade opened in the mall, so that there were two, TWO
places for the children to dance.

One on the East side of the Mall.  
 One on the West side.

And soon there was no love, no love for the brothas and sistahs on the
East side for the brothas and sistahs on the West side. They formed
teams to dance against one another. Team ShakaBooty rocked the East, and
team ManyMojo raised the roof out west.

Sometimes they would meet in the middle, in the food court, next to the
Whattapretzel. And down would slam the metal grating on the windows, and
the Gap shoppers, they’d run, because they knew what was coming next.
Because they were gonna get all hardcore. And they were gonna FUNK IT
UP. And woe to anyone who stood between ManyMojo and ShakaBooty when it
all went down. That’s the word. And the word is law.

Against this backdrop of beatz and beatdownz, my story begins.

\[Tomorrow: Part II of *Dance Dance Story*.\]