---
blurb: >
  Now I need a new job. What else have videogames taught me? Oh yah -- dude, let's
  be COPS!
color: false
date: '2003-05-01'
history:
- date: '2003-05-08 11:34:43'
  votes:
  - 116
  - 22
  - 24
  - 17
  - 35
  - 47
  - 110
  - 238
  - 391
  - 1983
- date: '2003-05-08 11:40:36'
  votes:
  - 116
  - 22
  - 24
  - 17
  - 35
  - 47
  - 110
  - 238
  - 391
  - 1983
- date: '2003-06-25 22:13:20'
  votes:
  - 130
  - 26
  - 29
  - 19
  - 40
  - 56
  - 118
  - 272
  - 449
  - 2293
- date: '2003-08-09 22:55:36'
  votes:
  - 130
  - 26
  - 29
  - 21
  - 41
  - 56
  - 119
  - 275
  - 453
  - 2323
- date: '2003-10-12 21:46:33'
  votes:
  - 132
  - 26
  - 29
  - 23
  - 43
  - 60
  - 121
  - 285
  - 472
  - 2448
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 136
  - 27
  - 29
  - 23
  - 43
  - 61
  - 126
  - 291
  - 479
  - 2496
id: 593
permalink: /593/i-lost-my-job-at-the-grocery-store-today-for-cranking-up-the-difficulty-on-the-checkout-belt/
score: 8.95
title: I lost my job at the grocery store today for cranking up the difficulty on
  the checkout belt.
vicpic: victimpics/may03/baggerbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/may03/bagger.png
votes: 3734
---

A lot of people give me \[censored\] about being the bag-boy at the
supermarket, but lemme tell you somethin’, when that conveyor is going
full-on, I’m baggin’ that \[censored\] like a mother\[censored\]! Ain’t
no piece of produce or canned goods got by me without bein’ stone cold
toe-tagged and bagged, W3RD.

But yesterday I found out there was a little speed-slider doojigger
under the checkout counter. And Pete was the dude runnin’ the register,
so I was like, “Crank that \[censored\] up, man!” and he cranked it.
Lemme tell you, that \[censored\] be BAGGED. I was ON IT.

See, this whole baggin’ dealio ain’t nothing different from *Tetris* or
some whack-\[censored\] *Bubble Bobble* action. Them cans of cat food or
Rice-a-Roni come down the chute like falling blocks, and I had ‘em in
the bag all laid out like I was makin’ lines or some \[censored\]. Just
like Game Boy. And I realized right there, I’m like, “DUDE, I’ve trained
for this MY WHOLE LIFE.”

One time I got 12 dozen eggs into ONE BAG without breaking none. That
\[censored\] was packed in TIGHT. Dude was gonna have to cut those
\[censored\]s out of there with a \[censored\] surgical knife -- w3rd is
bond!

So I am ROCKING the house and I tell Pete to just BUST IT OUT, you know,
peg that sonofa\[censored\]. And he cranks up the difficulty, so I got
Tampax and Bisquick flyin’ at my head like that belt was shootin’
ROCKETS or some \[censored\], but I SERIOUSLY got the situation under
control. I’m workin’ like 12 to 14 bags a minute, and I ain’t be puttin’
no 2-liter Pepsi on top of loaves of bread or nothin’, my \[censored\]
was TIGHT. So I’m yellin’, “BUST IT OUT, BAY-BEE! IS THAT ALL YOU GOT!?”
And Pete is like, “Holy \[censored\], dawg, your game is *ON!*”

And then this FAT-\[CENSORED\] \[*CENSORED!*\] comes into my line, with
I swear to God two \[censored\] shopping carts piled high with Twinkies
and Mars bars and Cap’n Crunch and then she’s got like the “Low-Fat”
milk -- OKAY like THAT’S gonna do the trick. Now, Pete’s got the
difficulty CRANKED, right? So, \[censored\] by flyin’ down that belt
like I was the last chopper out of Saigon or somethin’. And I’m tryin’
to bag it, but then comes the PUDDING, which comes in these plastic
cartons that are big on one side and small on the other, so they’re like
seriously putting up a fight.

But Pete keeps the \[censored\] flying my way, he’s like, “COME ON
LITTLE GIRL -- SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT!!” and I start screaming out
\[censored\] talk at the top of my lungs, and that \[censored\] start to
be pilin’ up, and then Pete smiles and drops down a 3-liter bottle of
Mountain Dew on the chute like he’s droppin’ the Bomb on Saddam and I’m
like, “NOOooooo!” and when it hits I swear it was like the floor shook
and puddin’ and Tuna went flying up in the air and milk be all fallin’
onto the floor and DUDE. I mean, I TOTALLY lost it. I turned to the
chick and was like, “NICE ONE FATTY YOU WRECKED MY PERFECT GAME! YOU GOT
A PIE-HOLE THE SIZE OF MY PICKUP TRUCK!!” and she started cryin’ about
how the candy was for the kids at the orphanage or some \[censored\],
but then my manager came down and for some reason Pete and I lost our
jobs.

No man, I don’t get it either. But if Grocer-Mart had a hi-score, I’d be
ALL up in that \[censored.\] Straight up.

\[Daily Victim idea
[submitted](http://web.archive.org/web/20030501000000/http://feedback.gamespy.com/)
by GameSpy reader Max UK. Good one man!\]