---
blurb: >
  Here at GameNostril, we have a nose for exclusives. Get it? Get it? Because — okay,
  look, YOU try to find an available domain, okay?
color: true
date: '2003-05-11'
history:
- date: '2003-08-12 21:26:45'
  votes:
  - 100
  - 17
  - 19
  - 28
  - 61
  - 88
  - 159
  - 280
  - 266
  - 670
- date: '2003-08-13 01:16:57'
  votes:
  - 100
  - 17
  - 19
  - 28
  - 61
  - 88
  - 159
  - 280
  - 266
  - 670
- date: '2003-10-18 09:54:17'
  votes:
  - 101
  - 17
  - 19
  - 28
  - 61
  - 89
  - 160
  - 281
  - 270
  - 675
- date: '2003-10-18 09:58:44'
  votes:
  - 101
  - 17
  - 19
  - 28
  - 61
  - 89
  - 160
  - 281
  - 270
  - 675
- date: '2003-12-26 07:39:02'
  votes:
  - 101
  - 17
  - 19
  - 28
  - 61
  - 90
  - 160
  - 281
  - 272
  - 679
- date: '2004-02-07 16:36:27'
  votes:
  - 101
  - 18
  - 19
  - 28
  - 61
  - 90
  - 160
  - 282
  - 274
  - 684
- date: '2004-02-07 16:38:20'
  votes:
  - 101
  - 18
  - 19
  - 28
  - 61
  - 90
  - 160
  - 282
  - 274
  - 684
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 101
  - 18
  - 19
  - 28
  - 62
  - 90
  - 160
  - 284
  - 275
  - 689
id: 595
permalink: /595/you-guys-im-serious-this-big-e3-tradeshow-is-our-best-and-only-chance-to-buy-vivendi/
score: 8.0
title: You guys, I’m serious. This big E3 tradeshow is our best and only chance to
  buy Vivendi!
vicpic: victimpics/may03/nostril1big.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/may03/nostril1.png
votes: 1739
---

Okay everyone, huddle up, huddle up. It’s been months since I first
announced [our plan to buy Vivendi-Universal Games](@/victim/436.md),
one of the largest publishers on the planet. Since that time, we’ve sold
some *choice* stuff on eBay, hocked my car, wagered phat lewt on a
*Dance Dance Revolution* tournament, and all told we’ve raised $7200
dollars. *Canadian* dollars.

I’ll grant you, that’s a far cry short of the 1.1 billion Euros we need.
But Vivendi still hasn’t sold, so we have one final chance. I’m talking
about E3: The Electronic Entertainment Expo. It’s the hugest gaming show
in the world, and it all goes down *this week*.

I’ve taken the liberty of investing every penny of the $7200 in buying
equipment and securing contacts to create *The Ultimate Gaming News
Magazine*. My thinking is, gamers will pay BIG bucks for a weekly gaming
rag, you know, like Time or Newsweek but with pictures of Solid Snake on
the cover. And none of this “Two month lead time” crap, either – our
paper would be published every week, meaning the news and reviews are
always current.

And forget the mealy-mouthed butt-sniffing those other magazines do for
exclusives. I’ve hired on the most AGGRESSIVE reporters you can imagine,
and not only will they kill to get inside info, they’ll post whatever’s
on their mind. The REAL story behind gaming. I’m telling you, these guys
are CRAZY. Our operations director [always has a
plan](@/victim/365.md). Our special online correspondent [practically
lives online](@/victim/486.md). Hell, our PS2 editor is [a frickin’
Ninja!](@/victim/450.md) I also hired [Tingle](@/victim/581.md) to
cover our Nintendo stuff. Well, ‘hired’ isn’t so much the word. He works
for free.

Anyways, due to the unfortunate shortage of gaming-related Internet
domains, our magazine will be called “GameNostril.” That’s okay, it’s a
good gimmick. The front cover says that we “dig deep for gaming news,”
and I’m writing a column called “What’s Hot / What’s Snot.”

I’ll post updates from all of our key editors here this week so that you
can see the progress of our amazing publishing endeavor. For our
*second* issue, I plan to announce that we’re buying Vivendi-Universal
Games. Oh yes. Here we come, Frenchies!