---
blurb: >
  Off in the distance, the Incredible Hulk roared.
color: true
date: '2003-05-13'
history:
- date: '2003-08-20 12:26:13'
  votes:
  - 50
  - 12
  - 11
  - 17
  - 22
  - 35
  - 76
  - 190
  - 344
  - 1545
- date: '2003-12-27 07:06:28'
  votes:
  - 52
  - 12
  - 11
  - 17
  - 22
  - 36
  - 77
  - 193
  - 347
  - 1565
- date: '2003-12-27 07:14:50'
  votes:
  - 52
  - 12
  - 11
  - 17
  - 22
  - 36
  - 77
  - 193
  - 347
  - 1565
- date: '2004-02-07 22:10:29'
  votes:
  - 52
  - 12
  - 11
  - 17
  - 22
  - 36
  - 77
  - 193
  - 348
  - 1574
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 52
  - 12
  - 11
  - 17
  - 22
  - 37
  - 77
  - 195
  - 349
  - 1585
id: 596
permalink: /596/security-at-e3-was-tight-but-not-as-tight-as-a-finely-crafted-masterfully-executed-backup-plan/
score: 9.12
title: Security at E3 was tight. But not as tight as a finely crafted, masterfully
  executed backup plan.
vicpic: victimpics/may03/masterplanbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/may03/masterplan.png
votes: 2369
---

\[Part II of the [Daily Victim E3 Special](@/victim/595.md)\]

Having worked as a mission-critical System Administrator for Fortune 500
companies, I’ve developed quite the reputation for [always having a
backup plan.](@/victim/365.md) It’s no different now that I’m
Operations Director for [a gaming startup magazine](@/victim/595.md).

You see, the thing about the Electronic Entertainment Expo is that
security is tight. They’re very strict about this being an industry-only
show. I was somewhat worried that my crew would be unable to convince
them of their credentials, or that our publication was legit.

After all, it’s called “GameNostril.”

That’s why I came up with THE PLAN. I spent over a month crafting this
sucker. And to make sure things went without a hitch, I personally
waited in line this morning with my team to make sure they got their
Expo Press badges in good time.

Slowly we snaked our way up to the registration desk, sandwiched between
a crew from Wired News and some cameraman from CNN. At last it was our
turn, right on schedule according to my stopwatch. I handed over our
credentials, and everyone opened up their wallets and identification. “I
think you’ll see that everything’s in order,” I said in measured tones.
“We’re GameNostil, and we’re about to blow!”

The olive-skinned woman behind the desk brushed aside a lock of black
hair and nodded. She punched some things into the computer. “Very good,”
she said, returning our papers.

“Is there a problem?” I asked, withdrawing my cell phone.

“Nope, looks good. Your badges will be printed shortly,” she explained.

“Hah! Well, we’ll just SEE about THAT!” I said, pressing the cell phone
to my ear. Suddenly, I stopped cold. “What did you just say?” I asked.

“You’re all good to go. Pick up your badges at the counter,” she
repeated.

“We’re actually IN? You’re letting a magazine called GAMENOSTRIL into
E3?” Slowly I lowered the cell phone. “We’re in!?”

I hadn’t planned for that.

Cold shock ran through my limbs. Didn’t she understand? I had GEARS! And
I’d SET THEM IN MOTION! As early as two weeks ago!

Frantically I dashed out of the registration area and flung open the
glass doors to the center. Just above the convention hall a Blackhawk
helicopter rattled the windows. I waved my arms wildly in the air. “CALL
IT OFF!” I shouted into the din. But it was the least of my worries.
What time was it? 8:47 AM?

I rushed back inside, just in time to see a man in an Incredible Hulk
costume burst through the Microsoft Xbox banner. “No Hulk, no!” I
roared. “It’s okay Hulk, go back!”

Even as security rushed to the scene, I was already punching numbers
desperately into my cell phone. “Tell Vin Diesel it’s off, call off the
Dees-man!” I yelled into the speaker. But by this time it was already
8:49, and power to the West Hall flickered, signaling that the Internet
connection had been severed by the crews in the underground tunnels,
just as I’d arranged.

That was neither here nor there — the worst was yet to come. I was out
of breath by the time I reached Susan, who was dressed as a character
from *The Matrix* and stood by the telephone booth in the concourse. I
grabbed both of her arms, sweat pouring from my face. “I want all the
gerbils accounted for! Now!” I panted.

Susan appeared crestfallen, then looked over at the phone. “It’s too
late,” she whispered.

I slumped against the wall in speechless horror.