---
blurb: >
  If you'll excuse me, we're about to launch a massive assault on the Searhus continent.
  So I plan to take a little nap.
color: false
date: '2003-05-30'
history:
- date: '2003-06-09 20:26:23'
  votes:
  - 100
  - 19
  - 30
  - 29
  - 52
  - 96
  - 191
  - 382
  - 417
  - 1269
- date: '2003-06-09 20:30:25'
  votes:
  - 100
  - 19
  - 30
  - 29
  - 52
  - 96
  - 191
  - 382
  - 417
  - 1269
- date: '2003-08-20 13:31:17'
  votes:
  - 111
  - 22
  - 30
  - 31
  - 54
  - 105
  - 204
  - 395
  - 454
  - 1390
- date: '2003-10-04 06:11:53'
  votes:
  - 111
  - 22
  - 32
  - 31
  - 54
  - 106
  - 206
  - 398
  - 456
  - 1400
- date: '2003-12-15 13:21:12'
  votes:
  - 111
  - 22
  - 32
  - 31
  - 54
  - 106
  - 208
  - 400
  - 458
  - 1406
- date: '2004-02-06 20:06:10'
  votes:
  - 111
  - 22
  - 32
  - 31
  - 54
  - 106
  - 208
  - 401
  - 459
  - 1412
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 111
  - 22
  - 32
  - 31
  - 54
  - 107
  - 208
  - 403
  - 461
  - 1423
id: 601
permalink: /601/in-planetside-ive-perfected-a-new-type-of-class-support-slacker/
score: 8.49
title: In PlanetSide, I've perfected a new type of class. "Support Slacker."
vicpic: victimpics/may03/planetsideslackerbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/may03/planetsideslacker.png
votes: 2868
---

A lot of people [take *PlanetSide* pretty
seriously](@/victim/579.md). As a massively multiplayer first-person
shooter with three big factions, I admit, you *do* get to be [pretty
attached to your
team](http://web.archive.org/web/20030530000000/http://gamespy.com/fargo/may03/planetside/).
And within every team, you need people in specialized roles. That's me.
I'm a specialist.

And I've developed a new position. I call it, "The Support Slacker."
Recently I've graduated to "Heavy Support Slacker," which appears on the
surface to be even more useful. More on that in a second.

Here's how it works. You jump onto a server and announce that you need a
squad. All you have to do is hang out at the sanctuary for a little bit
-- and believe me, I'm really good at hanging out -- and soon enough
you'll be invited to join.

Anyways, your goal as a Support Slacker is to give your team the
self-confidence it needs in order to take over bases and give you mad
experience. I'll drive up in a dune buggy, freewheeling outside the
enemy base, while my guys storm inside. Then I get up in the rocket
turret and chill for a while. Sometimes I reach into the mini-fridge
next to my PC and grab a pudding cup. The whole time I just watch the
experience roll in.

I've never fired a single shot.

As a Heavy Support Slacker, I'm even more imposing. I earned the license
to drive those big tank things. I'll rumble up to a squad in the tank
and I'll say, "Heavy tank, ready for action!" Who *doesn't* want one of
those in their squad? Last night I drove from enemy base to enemy base
in a tank for three hours while my guys earned me experience. I cheered
them on by typing pep talk into the squad chat in-between dipping the
Oreos I was eating into a glass of milk.

I'm a veteran of hundreds of battles, with tons of experience. On more
than one occasion, I think I even saw an enemy troop -- although he was
so far away, I might have been mistaken. Nonetheless, I've created a
special insignia patch for myself and others of my ilk to wear with
pride. It's a bright red circle with a picture of a sponge inside.

Slack on, you crazy child.