---
blurb: >
  Be sure to show my logo too. It's a heart being stabbed by a missile with a car
  coming out of it. Hey, do you guys have logos? Sure, let's put ALL our logos on
  here.
color: false
date: '2003-06-06'
history:
- date: '2003-06-09 20:30:29'
  votes:
  - 60
  - 7
  - 21
  - 19
  - 30
  - 51
  - 85
  - 146
  - 171
  - 457
- date: '2003-08-23 16:46:16'
  votes:
  - 77
  - 10
  - 30
  - 22
  - 41
  - 62
  - 121
  - 208
  - 215
  - 610
- date: '2003-08-23 16:55:46'
  votes:
  - 77
  - 10
  - 30
  - 22
  - 41
  - 62
  - 121
  - 208
  - 215
  - 610
- date: '2003-10-05 07:37:55'
  votes:
  - 77
  - 10
  - 31
  - 22
  - 41
  - 63
  - 124
  - 209
  - 216
  - 617
- date: '2003-10-05 07:40:08'
  votes:
  - 77
  - 10
  - 31
  - 22
  - 41
  - 63
  - 124
  - 209
  - 216
  - 617
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 77
  - 11
  - 31
  - 23
  - 41
  - 65
  - 128
  - 212
  - 220
  - 637
id: 605
permalink: /605/what-is-this-you-guys-call-this-a-game-trailer-step-aside-and-let-me-show-you-how-to-edit/
score: 8.12
title: What is this? You guys call THIS a game trailer? Step aside and let me show
  you how to edit.
vicpic: victimpics/jun03/gamevideosbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/jun03/gamevideos.png
votes: 1456
---

That's it? THAT's what you're planning to release on the Internet to
show off our upcoming game? Oh no, no no no. No. Step aside, boys. I've
been editing [Promotional Game
Trailers](http://web.archive.org/web/20030606000000/http://www.fileplanet.com/top50.aspx?s=174&v=90003)
for over ten years, and before that I did rock videos. Let's take a
closer look, here.

Okay, look at that! What's that you've got there? That looks like five
whole seconds of uninterrupted game footage. Right, why don't we just
burn them a CD and give them the whole product?

No no, I want short tiny clips of incomprehensible game footage cordoned
off with long sequences of giant white text on a black background in a
cool font. I'm not happy unless gamers are downloading hundreds of
megabytes of frames of text whenever I edit movies.

Imagine this: A black screen. Cue the creepy music. Hold that -- maybe
five, six seconds of black screen and creepy music. And then? WE HIT
THEM WITH THE TEXT. Big text! Giant, white text. And the text says:
"From the people who brought you Werehammer 60K: The Gloaming and
Meatbag Cuss Shootout..." Hold that! Just play the music a little.

And then a new frame, and we say something like, "Comes a Game that will
revolutionize the way you look at tactical action strategy RPGs." WHAM!
The music gets LOUD! And the words, they should grow -- like, the text
actually gets bigger as you watch -- that heightens the suspense.

And then we'll show them a frame of actual game footage, maybe the
corner of that building there. Yeah, like just a pulse -- POP! -- and
then it disappears again. People will be like, "Was that part of the
game? Was that a cutscene? Was that supposed to be a building? I'm a
gamer and I'm so intrigued!" And that's when we hit them with ... MORE
TEXT.

People who download videos are dying to know the backstory, I mean,
that's why they grab big files isn't it? So we hit 'em with our unique
hook: "At the twilight of an era, Humanity's last hope rests with one
band of mercenaries." Make sure the text is BIG, so that people will be
like, "This is unlike any other game I've ever played!"

And then, the penultimate: We show them TWO frames of the game, but good
frames. Like these here. And people will be like, "Whoa! What was that?
Was that an eyeball? Was it a monster? Was it an exposed human nipple? I
don't know! I'll have to preorder the game!"

Then, go to black. But fade back in, and show something exploding! And
then we go to black, and it says "FALL 2004."

Then we wrap it up with the usual, you know, a minute of footage showing
the publisher's logo, the developer's logo, the distributor's logo, the
video compression technology we used, and an advertisement to buy the
soundtrack. CUT! That's a wrap. Let's go to Starbucks -- who's buying?