---
blurb: >
  Next week I'm gonna apply to be a web coder.
color: false
date: '2003-06-10'
history:
- date: '2003-10-05 07:48:40'
  votes:
  - 146
  - 34
  - 40
  - 60
  - 80
  - 127
  - 184
  - 313
  - 285
  - 611
- date: '2003-10-05 07:49:16'
  votes:
  - 146
  - 34
  - 40
  - 60
  - 80
  - 127
  - 184
  - 313
  - 285
  - 611
- date: '2003-12-16 18:13:26'
  votes:
  - 147
  - 34
  - 40
  - 60
  - 80
  - 128
  - 186
  - 315
  - 287
  - 616
- date: '2004-02-06 23:56:16'
  votes:
  - 147
  - 34
  - 40
  - 61
  - 80
  - 128
  - 187
  - 315
  - 288
  - 619
- date: '2004-02-06 23:59:20'
  votes:
  - 147
  - 34
  - 40
  - 61
  - 80
  - 128
  - 187
  - 315
  - 288
  - 619
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 147
  - 34
  - 40
  - 61
  - 81
  - 129
  - 187
  - 316
  - 290
  - 621
id: 607
permalink: /607/my-interview-at-the-movie-theater-went-downhill-fast-when-they-started-talking-strategy/
score: 7.51
title: My interview at the movie theater went downhill fast when they started talking
  strategy.
vicpic: victimpics/jun03/nojobbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/jun03/nojob.png
votes: 1920
---

It's not like I never wanted a job, I do, I just don't like the idea of
*working*, you know, in the sense of actually doing stuff on some sort
of "schedule" with "bosses" or "stuff you have to do."

Mostly I just sit at home and play *StarCraft*. That's what I do.

But I heard about this whole, uh, 'Free Movie Passes' thing if you work
at the Cinema-21 over at Palace Park. I think that would be cool, you
know, if I didn't want to do anything that day I could say, "Free Pass,
man" and watch a movie instead. Then I'd light one up.

Or, you know, that place is dark anyways. Who would know if I wasn't ...
doing whatever movie people do ... since the lights would be off most of
the time? I figured it was a good way to 'ease in' to the whole
"working" dillio that my parents are always talking about.

But there's this whole deal where you have to interview the manager, or
something. Like, they don't just GIVE you a job. I'm like, "Dude I'm
ready to work, I'll start working now if you give me some cash or some
passes or whatever," but I guess first they make you jump through hoops.
It's a wonder ANYBODY ever works, what with them making it HARD.

The manager walks me around and first he's all talking about my
experience (I say, "I love experiencing things") and work history (I
skipped history to take straight English classes, word!) and -- man, I
dunno, he was like, "Blah blah blah," telling me about the business of
how a Theater works. I'm thinking, "Why would I need to know THAT?"

Then I think he was talking about how at 7 PM or on opening nights they
get a huge rush. I think that's way cool, 'cuz I live for big rushes and
stuff. And then he's showing me the snack counter, which I figured
meant, "Take some JuJus dude" (so I did), and he says, "How would you
handle a rush?"

I freeze up, but then I GET it, because he's trying to see if I got the
nerves and the strategy. You know? He was asking me about rushes in
*StarCraft*, 'cuz I handle that stuff EVERY DAY.

I say to him, "You gotta get some MARINES in the BUNKERS before the
Zerglings come," and then I said, "POP!" like something popping, and hit
my fist in my hand. Then I laughed, to show him I was all casual. And
then I offered him some JuJus.

Yeah but the jerk didn't give me any work, he just told me to get lost.
No WONDER me or my parents don't have jobs. That dude probably sucks and
StarCraft. Not my problem, know what I'm saying? C'mon, let's LAN.

\[Daily Victim idea
[submitted](https://web.archive.org/web/20030610000000/http://feedback.gamespy.com/)
by GameSpy reader Ryne McCormick\]