---
blurb: >
  Bah. Whenever *I* get married, I'm going to overclock the whole wedding party. The
  ceremony will be over in ten minutes and our first overclocked child will be born
  one month thereafter.
color: false
date: '2003-06-18'
history:
- date: '2003-08-03 00:42:24'
  votes:
  - 63
  - 12
  - 15
  - 17
  - 26
  - 45
  - 75
  - 178
  - 277
  - 847
- date: '2003-10-12 21:49:13'
  votes:
  - 63
  - 12
  - 15
  - 18
  - 26
  - 47
  - 77
  - 189
  - 284
  - 879
- date: '2003-10-13 00:53:33'
  votes:
  - 63
  - 12
  - 15
  - 18
  - 26
  - 47
  - 77
  - 189
  - 284
  - 879
- date: '2004-02-10 07:29:10'
  votes:
  - 64
  - 12
  - 15
  - 18
  - 26
  - 47
  - 79
  - 190
  - 288
  - 896
- date: '2004-02-10 07:31:34'
  votes:
  - 64
  - 12
  - 15
  - 18
  - 26
  - 47
  - 79
  - 190
  - 288
  - 896
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 64
  - 12
  - 15
  - 18
  - 26
  - 47
  - 79
  - 190
  - 290
  - 903
id: 610
permalink: /610/my-original-plan-was-to-set-this-wedding-reception-alight-by-overclocking-the-electric-slide/
score: 8.59
title: My original plan was to set this wedding reception alight by overclocking the
  Electric Slide...
vicpic: victimpics/jun03/overclockerbig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/jun03/overclocker.gif
votes: 1668
---

...but what I didn't anticipate was the sweltering heat of a June
wedding. I'd long known that overheating was a potential problem ever
since I overclocked my mechanical pencil -- one click and it shot molten
lead from the tip like a laser beam, puncturing through a concrete wall,
before the flames engulfed it. [They laughed when I said I could
overclock anything](@/victim/13.md), but [I made it
happen!](@/victim/34.md)

For the wedding I anticipated the heating problems in advance and
strapped pressurized icepacks to my legs and thighs. I was, what you
would call, "Liquid cooled." I also drank a great deal of ice-cold
Georgia sweet tea, so much so that I shattered one of the urinals
shortly before lunch was served.

But delay after delay hampered my ability to overclock the electric
slide. First, the bride and groom had to "cut the cake." This took
*forever*. "Give me ten minutes to overclock a pair of electric
clippers," I shouted, "And I'll turn that cake to liquid in under 2.65
seconds!" My irritability may have been due to the fact the pressurized
icepacks had melted and that my pants now "squished" when I walked.

At long last the pomp was finished, the cake was eaten, and that little
birdie dance was over with. The Electric Slide began! I took my place
alongside the groomsmen, guests, and bridesmaids to take part in my
masterpiece firsthand. Sweat caked my forehead -- I was beginning to
overheat.

But once the DJ started the music I reached into my pocket and pulled
out my remote control. I'd already overclocked the DJ's audio equipment
in secret the night before so that it was capable of producing
amplification that would kill nearby vegetation and tear the paint off a
building. It also enabled it to play music at up to 30 times the tempo
of standard audio playback equipment, without losing any fidelity. But I
started off simple, for the benefit of my non-overclocked companions:
merely quadrupling the volume and speed of the Electric Slide song. It
was my gift to the bride and groom.

Immediately the people in tuxedos and evening gowns on either side of me
fell to the floor, such was the power and rhythm of my overclocked
slide. While the guests screamed and plates of food overturned, I tore
up that floor in regular geometric patterns, leaving angled scuff marks
of burned rubber in my wake. I clapped my hands and lighting fixtures
exploded.

You can't see it -- It's electric! (Boogey oogie woogy.)

But the exertion of the perfect slide was proving too much for my
jury-rigged coolant system. Steam began pouring from my pants as I
danced. "Look out! He's smoking!" someone cried. As the song reached its
climax, I whirled around, then pointed to the ceiling, John Travolta
style. By this time, great puffs of white sizzling steam erupted from my
belt and pantlegs. "This is for the Bride and Groom!" I cried.

I think I woulda had them right there, possibly a standing ovation,
except at that particular moment the coolant system burst and my pants
"sprung a leak" at an inappropriate location. People gasped and
screamed. "It's okay!" I said. "It's O...K!" Then, my pants sprung a
second leak, which caused several people to pass out.

\[The return of the overclocker was
[suggested](http://web.archive.org/web/20030618000000/http://feedback.gamespy.com/)
by several readers, but GeneStarwind was the first to suggest that he
overheat. Keep those ideas coming!\]