---
blurb: >
  I have to ask myself: *What would the Sims do?*
color: false
date: '2003-06-19'
history:
- date: '2003-08-03 00:05:02'
  votes:
  - 73
  - 12
  - 22
  - 27
  - 49
  - 68
  - 144
  - 250
  - 303
  - 777
- date: '2003-08-03 01:42:50'
  votes:
  - 73
  - 12
  - 22
  - 27
  - 49
  - 68
  - 144
  - 250
  - 303
  - 777
- date: '2003-10-16 21:27:08'
  votes:
  - 74
  - 12
  - 23
  - 27
  - 51
  - 73
  - 150
  - 259
  - 314
  - 801
- date: '2003-12-21 01:30:32'
  votes:
  - 74
  - 12
  - 23
  - 27
  - 51
  - 73
  - 152
  - 263
  - 314
  - 807
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 74
  - 12
  - 23
  - 27
  - 51
  - 73
  - 153
  - 265
  - 314
  - 816
id: 611
permalink: /611/warioware-can-easily-bring-about-marital-difficulties/
score: 8.31
title: WarioWare can easily bring about marital difficulties.
vicpic: victimpics/oct02/simskittybig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/oct02/simskitty.gif
votes: 1823
---

My wife and I have had a tight marriage, with the exception of [that
time we started using *the Sims* to make all our family
decisions](@/victim/491.md) and [things got a little
hairy.](@/victim/500.md)

But then this past week in Wal\*Mart we were looking through the Game
Boy Advance games to see what we could use for long car trips. Front and
center, there was a display for *WarioWare*, that [crazy
cartridge](http://web.archive.org/web/20030619000000/http://www.gamespy.com/reviews/may03/wariowaregba/)
featuring hundreds of minigames that you play for five seconds at a
time. "Oooh, what about THAT one?" my wife asks. "Would I enjoy that
one?"

That's a perfectly innocent question, and I *thought* I was giving an
innocent answer. "I dunno sweetie," I said. "There's all sorts of little
games that happen really fast, so it's high pressure. You might not like
that."

She clutched the package to her chest. "What, you think I can't handle a
little pressure? That I can't play fast games?"

I had the sensation a trap had been sprung. "No no, I was just thinking
--"

"Is it because *I'M A GIRL!?*"

Oh man, there was NO place to go from there. We ended up buying the
game, but I've hardly gotten to play it yet. My wife bundles herself up
in a ball on the couch frantically pounding on buttons, obsessed with
demolishing the game. Sometimes she throws pillows. Whenever I manage to
sneak a game in edgewise, she claws my shoulder with both hands and
screams in my ear as I play: "Brush the teeth! Pick the nose! No no, eat
the apple! CATCH THE TOAST!!" Until I screw up -- which isn't long --
and then she snatches it away to "show me how it's done."

This isn't the woman a married, but rather a woman who sleeps fitfully
at night only to spring upright and cry out "Shake the tree! SKIJUMP!"
before collapsing back into bed. Do you think we need counseling?