---
blurb: >
  What's this? I just got a credit card application in the mail with Sid Meier's name
  on it!
color: false
date: '2003-06-20'
history:
- date: '2003-08-03 00:42:53'
  votes:
  - 80
  - 11
  - 26
  - 26
  - 50
  - 111
  - 193
  - 418
  - 544
  - 1770
- date: '2003-12-05 08:02:55'
  votes:
  - 81
  - 11
  - 27
  - 26
  - 51
  - 115
  - 196
  - 426
  - 563
  - 1835
- date: '2004-02-10 18:53:57'
  votes:
  - 81
  - 11
  - 27
  - 26
  - 51
  - 116
  - 196
  - 428
  - 564
  - 1845
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 81
  - 11
  - 27
  - 26
  - 51
  - 116
  - 196
  - 428
  - 568
  - 1853
id: 612
permalink: /612/i-managed-to-install-civilization-onto-the-schools-library-computers-but-at-what-cost/
score: 8.79
title: I managed to install *Civilization* onto the school's library Computers, but
  at what cost?
vicpic: victimpics/jun03/notsidbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/jun03/notsid.png
votes: 3377
---

Our school's library has a strict "No Games" policy, but after reading
[that Daily Victim from a few months ago](@/victim/540.md) I couldn't
go there without jonesin' for some *Civ* action. You know, nice quiet
room... The musty smell of books... Secluded computer in the corner ...
Man, I just wanted to play *Civ!*

A couple weeks ago, it was just too much for me. I came in, tossed my
bookbag on the ground, and looked around. Nobody was watching. I slipped
the CD-Rom out of my bag and quietly slid it into the drive. I was
worried about how much noise the drive was making, so to try to be
casual I opened up a couple of library computer programming books in
front of me and pretended to read. It installed ... and installed. Then
it was done.

I was so excited to start a game that I didn't really check around to
see if anyone was looking. I double-clicked the icon and fired it up,
making sure that the volume was turned down before I started. 'This is
gonna be GREAT!' I thought. But then, as it was loading, a shadow fell
across the screen from behind me.

I turned to find the school librarian looming over my shoulder,
scowling. "What are you up to?" she asked. Before I could reply, the
splash screen appeared on the monitor. In giant letters, it proclaimed:
"SID MEIER'S CIVILIZATION!"

The two of us stared at the screen, she with stern indignation and me
with a growing panic. Then I pointed to the screen and stammered:

"My name's Sid Meier, and this is my Senior Class computer project."

I held up my programming books to seal the deal, and her expression
melted away. "Oh! That looks wonderful," she said. "You keep up the good
work, Sid."

Yessir, I dodged a bullet. Well, I *think* I dodged a bullet. The
Librarian calls me "Sid" every time I come in and asks me to help with
her computer all the time. So of course, I had to sign for my Library
card with Sid Meier's name. That meant that my friend in the school's
print shop had to fake a Sid Meier student ID for me. I just got a copy
of the schedule for the Fall semester, and I see that Sid Meier was
enrolled in several classes by the school's computer system.

This may all come back and bite me on the ass.... but for the time
being, I can keep playing *Civ*. God bless America.

\[Daily Victim idea
[submitted](https://web.archive.org/web/20030620000000/http://feedback.gamespy.com/)
by GameSpy Reader Jim Greenman. Nice one, Jim!\]