---
blurb: >
  One of these days, one of those card table legs will give out, and you'd better
  hope not to be one of Link Dead's passengers then.
color: false
date: '2003-08-04'
history:
- date: '2003-10-17 04:06:19'
  votes:
  - 41
  - 6
  - 20
  - 16
  - 27
  - 62
  - 108
  - 214
  - 253
  - 792
- date: '2003-12-29 19:30:42'
  votes:
  - 43
  - 6
  - 20
  - 16
  - 27
  - 62
  - 109
  - 215
  - 256
  - 803
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 43
  - 6
  - 20
  - 16
  - 27
  - 62
  - 110
  - 215
  - 258
  - 817
id: 626
permalink: /626/youve-never-looked-fear-in-the-eye-let-me-tell-you-about-my-experience-with-link-dead-ace-online-pilot/
score: 8.62
title: You've never looked fear in the eye? Let me tell you about my experience with
  Link Dead, ace online pilot.
vicpic: victimpics/aug03/linkdeadbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/aug03/linkdead.png
votes: 1585
---

Nobody knows where he's from, or what he's supposed to do for a living.
We just know that he's online constantly. I remember seeing him in
*Tribes 2* all the time, usually at the helm of a Thundersword Bomber.
Then he appeared in *Battlefield*, flying the big bombers on the Market
Garden map. He was mysteriously silent for a while, until *PlanetSide*
brought him back. We don't know where he's from in real-life, but from
snippets of conversations or forum posts we've learned that he plays
games with an old computer on a rickety card table, with his cable-modem
precariously balanced on the same subwoofer where he rests his feet. He
games with an old flightstick that has two sticky buttons and a missing
trigger that he's replaced with a little red button from Radio Shack.
When the action is hot and the combat furious, he's known to kick his
cable modem off of his subwoofer. And no matter what game he's playing,
we all know him by one name:

*Link Dead: Ace Online Pilot.*

Most action games don't know how to handle it when a player momentarily
loses connection while flying an airplane or spacecraft. Some keep the
same heading and speed, then suddenly correct themselves when the player
reconnects, and out of nowhere the craft is a few hundred yards to the
left and facing a different direction. Others stutter, or stop the
craft's mid-air movement altogether, defying the laws of physics for a
few precious seconds. Sometimes the pilot himself simply dies on the
spot, leaving the plane to drift of its own accord while his passengers
scramble to situate themselves at the controls.

Typically, all of the above would happen to you ... if Link Dead was the
pilot.

There I was, in the ball-gunner position of Link Dead's Allied Bomber,
and we were sweeping high and steady over the town in *Battlefield
1942*'s Market Garden map. The sun is shining and the anti-aircraft fire
is light. We swing around and then come in low from behind the enemy
base, dropping a line of devastating bombs all along the enemy tank
column. Suddenly, the plane lurches sideways and I hear the engines
throttle down: Link Dead was momentarily AWOL.

In my mind's eye I can see him at home, cursing as his cable-modem
clattered to the Kitchen floor and the lights winked and turned red.
Urgently he kicks back his chair, an old rolly office deal with clear
plastic packing tape holding the foam inside of the many rips. He drops
to his knees onto the linoleum, crawling on all fours to plug his cable
back in and hit the reset button. He hits his head on the way back up;
the card table wobbles back and forth unsteadily.

Meanwhile, our bomber begins to lose altitude and pitches forward
ominously. The remains of the German armor column swivel their big guns
at us. Stormtroopers rush forward with panzershrecks in hand. I fire my
machine guns frantically as our engines sputter and the ground lurches
toward us at a 45-degree angle. Ahead of us, the Arnhem bridge looms,
sickeningly close — we're too low! We're not going to make it over! The
tanks behind us let loose a murderous volley of shells...

When out of nowhere, Link Dead, Ace Online Pilot, is back in the game!
The engines click and roar immediately to full blast as though they'd
never slowed down. The horizon jerks and then levels out; we're facing
up and not down. We tap against the bridge supports with a shower of
sparks before rocketing into the sky, while a half-dozen tank shells
explode uselessly against the surface of the bridge in our wake.

And somewhere, far away, Link Dead reaches between his legs and scoots
his mangy chair across the linoleum and back up under his rear before
sitting down again. He rubs a loving finger across the worn duct-taped
handle of his beloved flight stick, surveys the damage done to the
German lines, and nods happily. He decides to buzz the Allied church in
celebration. He angles in toward the steeple, aggressive, but completely
in control ... and then kicks over his cable modem again.

Link Dead: we salute you!