---
blurb: >
  For further reference materials, please refer to my clan site.
color: false
date: '2003-08-26'
history:
- date: '2003-10-10 03:42:42'
  votes:
  - 39
  - 4
  - 20
  - 19
  - 24
  - 54
  - 100
  - 226
  - 276
  - 929
- date: '2003-12-27 07:15:22'
  votes:
  - 39
  - 4
  - 20
  - 19
  - 24
  - 54
  - 102
  - 230
  - 281
  - 947
- date: '2003-12-27 07:33:25'
  votes:
  - 39
  - 4
  - 20
  - 19
  - 24
  - 54
  - 102
  - 230
  - 281
  - 947
- date: '2004-03-03 14:04:12'
  votes:
  - 39
  - 4
  - 20
  - 19
  - 24
  - 54
  - 102
  - 232
  - 284
  - 956
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 39
  - 4
  - 20
  - 19
  - 24
  - 56
  - 102
  - 233
  - 288
  - 965
id: 636
permalink: /636/battlefield-1942-scientific-journal-for-august-26th-2003/
score: 8.76
title: Battlefield 1942 Scientific Journal for August 26th, 2003
vicpic: victimpics/aug03/battlefieldsciencebig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/aug03/battlefieldscience.png
votes: 1764
---

August 26th, 2003. 10:37 AM.

Subject (combat engineer, age 23, played by Ryan Scott of the physics
department) arrived at the test site with 87% heath. Healing was
administered in order to maintain standardized results. Subject said
"thx." Researchers responded by hitting the F1 key twice in rapid
succession.

10:42 AM. Subject was placed inside the test Kubelwagen. Four (4)
detpacks containing the equivalent of 28 sticks of TNT were dropped
under the Kubelwagen by the subject. (see diagram 1, "kewl.png").

10:49 AM. Subject triggered the blast sequence with his alt-fire key.
The resulting explosion is estimated to have generated 140.88 x 10^3 kJ
of energy. Both subject and Kubelwagen were clocked at a velocity of
8092 ± 26 m/s at point of impact. The Kubelwagen attained a height of
350 meters at apogee, and traveled a distance of 40 meters to the
Northwest before impacting into a shore defense battery and exploding
(see diagrams 2 and 3, "WHOA.png" and "holycrap.png").

Subject himself, while typing LOLOL, attained a maximum height of 435
meters before he was gutted in midair by the propeller of a rapidly
moving eastbound Japanese Zero fighter plane (see video reference 1,
"phatstunts.mpg"). This was extremely cool.

10:50-10:55 AM. We laughed for, like, ten minutes.

10:56 AM. Subject respawned.

10:58 AM. Decision was reached to re-run the experiment tomorrow, but
this time with lower gravity settings on the server. Researchers exited
the test site so as not to be late for their Period 3 classes.