---
blurb: >
  It's not gaming unless your arms and legs are sore the next day.
color: false
date: '2003-08-28'
history:
- date: '2003-10-16 16:13:20'
  votes:
  - 87
  - 29
  - 31
  - 29
  - 82
  - 98
  - 186
  - 313
  - 265
  - 628
- date: '2004-02-27 07:22:40'
  votes:
  - 87
  - 30
  - 32
  - 29
  - 83
  - 99
  - 192
  - 314
  - 270
  - 641
- date: '2004-02-27 10:17:24'
  votes:
  - 87
  - 30
  - 32
  - 29
  - 83
  - 99
  - 192
  - 314
  - 270
  - 641
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 87
  - 30
  - 32
  - 29
  - 83
  - 100
  - 193
  - 316
  - 271
  - 643
id: 638
permalink: /638/i-clubbed-a-sales-clerk-unconscious-and-ill-do-the-same-to-you/
score: 7.85
title: I clubbed a sales clerk unconscious and I'll do the same to you!
vicpic: victimpics/aug03/swaybig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/aug03/sway.gif
votes: 1799
---

I won't have enough money for *Soul Calibur 2* until after payday at the
end of the month. So in the meantime I've got to keep myself occupied by
showing up here at the mall after work and playing the demo station here
at Gaming Gigabuys.

Absolutely NOBODY can defeat me, with my *shaolin quickstyle*, what is
known in the West as *full body gaming*. When I want to lay on the
hurting, like so, I start slamming on the buttons with the controller up
here over my shoulder. If you come after me swinging that Katana,
WHOOSH! I'm stepping out of the way and swinging the controller over
here. It's all about focus.

Now, you're not the first person to ask me to leave, Mr.
Mall-Security-Guard-With-A-Golf-Cart. The first guy was the store clerk
who came up behind me, but he made the mistake of tapping my shoulder
just as Cassandra lunged at me so I WHAMS! I just clocked him with the
controller while I was making my character step aside. He was out for
like ten minutes.

So I *suggest* you back away. Because next round, I plan on playing as
Misurugi. And all I'm saying is, it's a good thing this sucker's
attached with wires.