---
blurb: >
  \[As victim logs off of the game server, he turns down the volume on his speakers
  so he can't hear the explosions and desperate horrified screams. He fluffs up his
  pillow and wraps his blankie around him, smacking his lips together peacefully.\]
color: false
date: '2003-09-02'
history:
- date: '2003-09-23 22:06:38'
  votes:
  - 88
  - 24
  - 28
  - 24
  - 40
  - 67
  - 114
  - 182
  - 156
  - 493
- date: '2003-09-23 22:13:20'
  votes:
  - 88
  - 24
  - 28
  - 24
  - 40
  - 67
  - 114
  - 182
  - 156
  - 493
- date: '2003-10-10 03:50:59'
  votes:
  - 90
  - 25
  - 30
  - 24
  - 42
  - 69
  - 120
  - 187
  - 159
  - 516
- date: '2004-02-25 10:45:41'
  votes:
  - 92
  - 25
  - 31
  - 24
  - 44
  - 74
  - 124
  - 195
  - 164
  - 539
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 93
  - 25
  - 31
  - 24
  - 44
  - 74
  - 124
  - 197
  - 167
  - 542
id: 640
permalink: /640/id-love-to-help-you-fend-of-the-empires-invasion-but-its-past-my-bedtime/
score: 7.77
title: I'd love to help you fend of the Empire's invasion, but it's past my bedtime.
vicpic: victimpics/sept03/jedibedtimebig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/sept03/jedibedtime.png
votes: 1333
---

What's that? Stormtroopers pouring out of the starport? Imperial
officers barking out orders in the plaza? Executions? Right outside this
cantina? Right NOW? Blaster fire raging up and down the alleyways? You
say it looks bad for the Rebellion? You say that all hands are needed?
We're making a last stand outside the medical facility? Doors barricaded
shut? Grenades falling from the sky like tennis balls at Wimbleton? It's
to the last man standing, you say? A desperate final stand against
determined foes? For justice and all?

Wow, you know, I'd *love* to help. But it's past my bedtime.

They're gaining ground you say? Snipers prone in the city park? Rocket
shells crashing against the sides of the medical center? Stormtroopers
goosestepping in formation down the main boulevard? Well, I'm sure I'd
be a great asset. I hunt stormtroopers for sport and I've got maximum
rifle skill and accuracy. My weapon here has been sliced and overpowered
to do nearly double-damage. I'm certain I could turn the tide of battle.

On the *other* hand, I'm one sweepy peepy. I have school tomorrow. And
while I'd *like* to help, I really can't afford to be a grumpasaurous in
the morning.

They've got two AT-STs, you say? Firing laser cannon right across the
plaza, gunning down rebels like a shooting gallery? Aw, they're no
trouble. I can usually solo an AT-ST on a good day. But LOOK AT THE
TIME. I have an appointment with Mr. Sandman and the pillow fairy.

Borrow my custom rifle? As if! I love the rebellion and all, don't get
me wrong. But you're just gonna go out there and get killed, so no
thanks. But here, here's a dagger I looted from a corpse. Hope it helps
the cause. Oh, is that the empire at the door right now? Well, that
would explain the screaming and explosions. Should I stay and defend the
door long enough for you to escape out the back? — well, you know what,
nevermind, I'd better not get all involved. Some logs need to be sawed
and sheeps counted. Have a good night! Have fun fighting the empire!
Night night! Nighty nightie! Sleepytime. Don't let the bed bugs bite!