---
blurb: >
  So uh, yah. That patch? That was me. Sorry about that thing with the clown horns.
  And Homer Simpson screams.
color: false
date: '2003-09-09'
history:
- date: '2003-10-05 08:53:24'
  votes:
  - 33
  - 9
  - 8
  - 20
  - 27
  - 40
  - 85
  - 201
  - 327
  - 1511
- date: '2003-10-05 08:57:11'
  votes:
  - 33
  - 9
  - 8
  - 20
  - 27
  - 40
  - 85
  - 201
  - 327
  - 1511
- date: '2004-01-15 20:22:19'
  votes:
  - 37
  - 9
  - 9
  - 23
  - 29
  - 46
  - 92
  - 223
  - 350
  - 1667
- date: '2004-01-15 20:23:18'
  votes:
  - 37
  - 9
  - 9
  - 23
  - 29
  - 46
  - 92
  - 223
  - 350
  - 1667
- date: '2004-02-07 00:02:48'
  votes:
  - 37
  - 9
  - 9
  - 23
  - 29
  - 46
  - 93
  - 223
  - 353
  - 1673
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 37
  - 9
  - 9
  - 23
  - 29
  - 46
  - 94
  - 228
  - 355
  - 1694
id: 645
permalink: /645/bad-things-happened-when-i-inadvertently-released-my-own-game-patch/
score: 9.14
title: Bad Things happened when I inadvertently released my own game patch.
vicpic: victimpics/sept03/fakepatchbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/sept03/fakepatch.png
votes: 2540
---

Look, I swear, it wasn't my fault. C'mon, it all blew over in a few days
anyways, so I don't see what the big deal is. Fine, I'll start at the
beginning.

*Medal of Honor: Allied Assault* is my favorite World War II game, so I
like to tinker with it and add my own graphics and sound effects. I had
created one add-on that changed a few things, like, well, I have that
sound clip of Sargeant Schultz yelling "Hoooooogan!" every time a German
soldier gets killed, and a tremendous farting noise whenever a grenade
goes off. Stuff like that.

Anyways, I named my file "Medal of Honor 1.12 Patch" as a joke, since
that's one version number higher than the last patch. Then I uploaded it
to a little community file site along with a readme describing the
biggest changes ("Bazookas now honk like a clown horn when they hit.")

Well, you know, those little sites are hungry for content, so they
posted it on their front page in big letters. "Medal of Honor 1.12
Patch!" it said. I don't think they bothered to download it.

I suppose one of the news sites was checking out the page and saw that
the patch was out. So they posted the news on the web. Of course, other
news sites were quick to jump on the story, writing full-page
announcements about the "patch" availability.

And you know those file sites -- they love to make sure they have all
the latest -- so they all downloaded it and posted it, too. And they
sent out news. I don't think any of them looked at it, either. They
certainly didn't read the readme ("Al Pachino now screams 'Hoo-ah!' just
before explosives detonate.")

I can't really tell what happened next, but I imagine it went like this.
Some PR flackie at Electronic Arts saw all the coverage, printed it out,
and passed it around at a department meeting or something. "We're
getting a lot of good community press about the new patch -- look at all
these front page news stories!"

And somewhere, some big guy -- I imagine he had a comb-over hairdo and a
stripey tie -- he said, "What? Why didn't we issue a formal press
release about the new patch?" And everyone got all sheepish and didn't
know how to answer, so he was like, "GET ON THAT!"

So, desperately trying to get a press release onto the wire, the PR
department frantically called the Producer at the development studio.
"What's the new patch do?" they barked. And the producer was probably
like, "We released a patch...?" and the PR team was probably saying,
"Fools, it's all over the net! You need to tell us when your programmers
do stuff like this." They hung up, and I imagine the programmers got
yelled at in a meeting that was *really* confusing for everyone
involved.

Meanwhile, the desperate PR team was forced to download the patch, and
they actually bothered to read the readme. The result hit the wire later
that afternoon:

    NEW PATCH BRINGS HORRORS OF WAR CLOSER THAN EVER
    Medal of Honor: Allied Assault version 1.12 now available

    REDWOOD CITY, CA -- Electronic Arts (NASDAQ: ERTS)
    Announced that the Medal of Honor(tm): Allied Assault
    patch to version 1.12 was now available for download 
    on all major Internet gaming sites, adding a whole new
    level of drama and excitement to the Allied Assault
    experience.

    The new patch adds the celebrity voice talents of such 
    renowned actors as Al Pachino, Samuel L. Jackson, and
    the announcer from Iron Chef.

    A suite of new sounds and visual effects promise to
    Dazzle gamers and create a more authentic down-in-
    the-trenches feel. "You can actually hear the men ...
    farting?" observes Product Manager Joel Halley. "And
    dying soldiers now scream out to one another, calling
    out, uh, Hogan's name and -- did that guy just
    quote the anal probe episode of South Park?"

    "Players will now feel the full war experience," says
    EA Vice President of Franchise Development James Myers.
    "Hunkered down in the trenches, they'll know that their
    sacrifice was not in vain as the German objectives finally
    shatter in a fiery, fart-sounding spray and Samuel Jackson
    announces 'It's my duty to please dat booty.'" Noting EA's
    commitment to quality and excellence, he adds: "Is that
    the Sanford and Son theme song playing between levels?"

    The version 1.12 patch is available on all major download
    Sites and has been submitted to EA localization teams for
    Translation into other languages.