---
blurb: >
  "I .... huuuuunnngerrr..."


  Aw, shaddup, ye mangy scupper-sucker.
color: true
date: '2003-09-19'
history:
- date: '2003-10-13 00:48:29'
  votes:
  - 48
  - 9
  - 16
  - 11
  - 35
  - 37
  - 105
  - 202
  - 277
  - 900
- date: '2004-01-17 11:54:01'
  votes:
  - 48
  - 9
  - 16
  - 12
  - 38
  - 37
  - 109
  - 206
  - 290
  - 952
- date: '2004-01-17 11:54:46'
  votes:
  - 48
  - 9
  - 16
  - 12
  - 38
  - 37
  - 109
  - 206
  - 290
  - 952
- date: '2004-02-09 07:58:59'
  votes:
  - 48
  - 9
  - 16
  - 12
  - 38
  - 38
  - 109
  - 207
  - 290
  - 956
- date: '2004-02-09 07:59:52'
  votes:
  - 48
  - 9
  - 16
  - 12
  - 38
  - 38
  - 109
  - 207
  - 290
  - 956
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 48
  - 9
  - 16
  - 12
  - 38
  - 38
  - 109
  - 210
  - 292
  - 963
id: 651
permalink: /651/theres-a-crippling-loss-of-personal-dignity-associated-with-this-years-talk-like-a-pirate-day/
score: 8.75
title: There's a crippling loss of personal dignity associated with this year's 'Talk
  Like a Pirate Day.'
vicpic: victimpics/sept02/colorpiratedaybig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/sept02/colorpirateday.png
votes: 1746
---

Today is the most special day of the year. It's the day that myself and
all of my *Battlefield* teammates -- nay, the whole world -- all come
together united by a common bond: *we all talk like pirates.*

Now, at first, I admit -- [talking like a pirate was hard to get used
to.](@/victim/470.md) But once we adjusted, we had [some good
times](@/victim/478.md).

This morning I shot out of bed as if fired from a broadside, eager to
begin my day. "Avast ye scurvies!" I tried to shout out my bedroom
window. But instead, all that came out was a dull croak. My mouth hung
open, horrified, and I tried again... only to rasp and whisper and
wheeze. *I had lost my voice on Talk Like a Pirate Day.*

I tried to call my friends, (Who answered their phones by shouting
"Ahoy!" and ringing a bell) but they were no help. Mainly because they
couldn't understand me.

I blame it on the yogurt. See, last night I cracked open the fridge and
grabbed a carton of yogurt, but it said that it should be sold by August
30th. Sold by August 30th? They should put "Eat by" dates on those
things. I didn't know how much time was left. I carefully opened the
yogurt, looked at it ... sniffed at it ... licked the lid ... and it
seemed fine. "The yogurts fine!" I shouted to nobody in particular. Then
I thought, "We've gotta be pushing the yogurt envelope, here." I mean,
if it was fine *now*, it won't be fine for long. So I figured I'd better
eat ALL of the cartons in the fridge so they don't go to waste. The
first three vanilla were fine, but after two banana, one blueberry, and
the second Boston Cream Pie flavored one, I started feeling a little
seasick. If you catch my drift. Yeah, I'm not sure exactly what
happened, but I blame the yogurt.

**Drastic (Boarding) Actions**

Talk Like a Pirate Day of course means giant, Pirate-Yelling LAN parties
in Joe's garage. I didn't want to totally miss out on the piracy, so I
[borrowed my friend's parrot](@/victim/570.md). I figured, he'd sit
on my shoulder and talk *for* me, and thusly we'd get the whole pirate
thing covered.

The problem is, my friend's parrot [only knows how to make zombie
noises](@/victim/570.md). So there I was, playing *Battlefield 1942*
(with secret weapons, natch), and my bird leaned over on my shoulder to
whisper into Joe's ear... "Braaaaaaaaiins..."

Joe popped his head up over his monitor and looked around like a prairie
dog. "Avast! Which of ye bilgerats said 'at?" he asked, his voice
quaking.

I tried to answer, but all that came out was a choking, strangled
whisper. Assuming that I was egging him on, my parrot nodded and then
made slurping noises. Finally, the bird wrapped up with, "Freeesh meeaat
nyaargh muuppmh." All horror-stricken eyes turned to me.

It's a good thing you can't be keel-hauled underneath someone's garage.

\[Don't forget to [Talk Like a
Pirate](http://web.archive.org/web/20030919000000/http://www.talklikeapirate.com/)
today, you saucy lads.\]