---
blurb: >
  Naw man, s'okay. I got a lead on a job at the Sears Barbecue Department. I'm thinkin'
  some of those \[censored\]s can get flames up to like five feet high, I'm gonna
  work that angle with the customers.
color: false
date: '2003-09-22'
history:
- date: '2003-10-10 17:09:58'
  votes:
  - 167
  - 22
  - 32
  - 32
  - 46
  - 69
  - 130
  - 226
  - 283
  - 917
- date: '2003-10-10 17:15:59'
  votes:
  - 167
  - 22
  - 32
  - 32
  - 46
  - 69
  - 130
  - 226
  - 283
  - 917
- date: '2004-01-16 10:31:10'
  votes:
  - 175
  - 23
  - 34
  - 34
  - 48
  - 73
  - 143
  - 241
  - 300
  - 968
- date: '2004-02-10 07:35:08'
  votes:
  - 176
  - 23
  - 35
  - 34
  - 48
  - 74
  - 143
  - 242
  - 301
  - 972
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 177
  - 23
  - 35
  - 34
  - 48
  - 74
  - 143
  - 244
  - 302
  - 979
id: 652
permalink: /652/i-lost-my-job-at-the-hospital-just-for-trying-to-get-the-high-score-on-the-ekg/
score: 8.01
title: I lost my job at the Hospital just for trying to get the high score on the
  EKG
vicpic: victimpics/may03/baggerbig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/may03/bagger.gif
votes: 2073
---

What up, homebitchez? It's me again. This has been a serious
\[censored\]-up year for me and my homes, no \[censored\]. Over the
Summer I lost my \[censored\] job at the Supermarket [when I cranked up
the difficulty on the checkout belt](@/victim/593.md), and that put
my \[censored\] in a serious crank.

But last couple of months me and my bra Pete got jobs at the hospital,
or as I called it, sick \[censored\] central. No man, I didn't doctor
\[censored\] up and \[censored\], I emptied garbage pails and swept the
floors and \[censored\] like that. I didn't do any of the menial
\[censored\] like emptyin' bedpans and \[censored\]. Hah.

So at the hospital they got these TV box thingiees that show those
blinkin' lines just like on *ER* or somethin'. They always show the
pulse rate. That's pretty \[censored\] cool, cuz it's like I'm looking
into some dude's heart. So like, 70 beats per minute is normal, and if
you're lookin' at like 140 things are starting to wig, right?

Whenever people are really workin' it n' \[censored\], I always point it
out. "134? Right on, man! Give it UP, dawg!" You know, I like gave 'em
high fives n' \[censored.\] Knocked out a few of those arm-tube
thingiees. Word. Patients thought I rocked. The ones that lived.

But one time I come in and there's this \[censored\] old dude, and he's
got "new-monia," and some kind of tube in his pie-hole. Well, this old
geezer is pushin' 160! I'm like, "RIGHT ON MAN!" And so I like get on
the walkie-talkie to Pete. "\[Censored\] Dawg, you gotta check out this
old dude, STAT!"

So Pete comes down there, and I swear to \[censored\] \[censored\], this
dude was workin' it at 175! That's like a serious
fat-dude-runnin'-up-a-hill score, but this \[censored\] weighed like 80
pounds. So Pete and I are like cheerin' this \[censored\] on, we're at
the foot of his bed like, "WORK IT BABY WORK IT!" I'm all pumping my
fists in the air yellin' "W00t old man, w00t!" and it's shootin' up,
man, we cranked that old guy past 200. He was all clawin' in the air and
\[censored\]. The high score alarms were wailin' like a \[censored\]
hopped up on \[censored\] at a rave, I \[censored\] you not dawg.

But then before we could make this dude hit 220 like a prune Ferrari, a
bunch of doctors came rushing in yellin' all kinds of \[censored\] like,
"gimmie 200 cc's of heroin!" or something. I was like, "The dude is
*0wning!*" and then they kicked me and Pete out. Later, I got fired.

Why does the establishment keep gotta put my \[censored\] down?