---
blurb: >
  Early this evening I was bragging about how great a driver I am. And so Ted says,
  "Really? Show me!"


  I fired up *Tiger Woods* and he said, "Oh, in GOLF. I thought you were talking about
  Willy's tractor."
color: false
date: '2003-09-23'
history:
- date: '2004-01-15 20:20:11'
  votes:
  - 125
  - 34
  - 40
  - 40
  - 67
  - 115
  - 183
  - 274
  - 241
  - 644
- date: '2004-01-15 20:20:35'
  votes:
  - 125
  - 34
  - 40
  - 40
  - 67
  - 115
  - 183
  - 274
  - 241
  - 644
- date: '2004-02-10 11:27:00'
  votes:
  - 125
  - 34
  - 40
  - 40
  - 67
  - 115
  - 183
  - 274
  - 243
  - 645
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 125
  - 34
  - 40
  - 41
  - 67
  - 115
  - 186
  - 276
  - 243
  - 650
id: 653
permalink: /653/why-cant-you-people-just-take-the-hint-and-get-as-addicted-to-tiger-woods-as-i-am/
score: 7.65
title: Why can't you people just take the hint and get as addicted to *Tiger Woods*
  as I am?
vicpic: victimpics/sept03/tigeraddictionbig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/sept03/tigeraddiction.gif
votes: 1790
---

What more do I have to do? I left the box out on the coffee table, and
you covered it up with a *Hot VWs* magazine. I constantly turn the game
on before you guys get home and walk out of the room, but you guys
always put in a different game. Every night at dinner this week I've
been like, "Gosh, that *Tiger Woods 2004* is a great game. *Anyone* can
enjoy it!" And you're all like, "Pass the potatoes, Bob."  
  
 So then Cheez goes out and buys a copy of *Simpsons: Hit & Run*. Oh
yah, you guys are all over that like a rash. I keep dropping hints like,
"The best part of *Tiger Woods 2004* is playing tournaments with your
friends," and you guys are running around telling each other "I just
unlocked Groundskeeper Willy's tractor!" Everytime I hear a crowd around
the console, I run up all excited, but you're playing *The Simpsons*.

Didn't you notice how I taped the Tiger Woods strategy guide to the
microwave and left a copy of the FAQ next to the toilet? Anyone?

The ultimate insult came this afternoon. I had left *Tiger Woods*
running on the machine, then I casually went into the kitchen to make a
smoothie. When I came out Cheez was settling into the couch, reeking of
MiDol, and he picked up a controller. I plopped down next to him and
picked up the other controller. "This is SUCH a great game. You want to
play a few rounds?" I asked, all sly.

And Cheez, he stares at the screen -- like, for a full minute --
squinting. And suddenly he says, "*This isn't The Simpsons!*"

I hate you all.