---
blurb: >
  My horror is only mitigated by the fact that you do not currently possess a large,
  dangerous golf-club.
color: false
date: '2003-10-09'
history:
- date: '2003-10-16 15:00:13'
  votes:
  - 95
  - 18
  - 33
  - 39
  - 44
  - 85
  - 160
  - 265
  - 340
  - 938
- date: '2003-12-16 18:33:29'
  votes:
  - 105
  - 18
  - 35
  - 39
  - 44
  - 101
  - 170
  - 285
  - 367
  - 1032
- date: '2004-03-01 01:28:22'
  votes:
  - 105
  - 19
  - 35
  - 39
  - 44
  - 101
  - 174
  - 286
  - 370
  - 1046
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 105
  - 19
  - 35
  - 39
  - 44
  - 101
  - 174
  - 290
  - 372
  - 1051
id: 661
permalink: /661/i-will-be-brutally-honest-theres-no-way-you-look-like-your-tiger-woods-2004-character/
score: 8.28
title: I will be brutally honest. There's no way you look like your *Tiger Woods 2004*
  character.
vicpic: victimpics/oct03/tigerwoodsbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/oct03/tigerwoods.png
votes: 2249
---

It's true, the new "Face Maker" dealie in the EA Sports games is killer.
I love it. But that — that guy on the screen? He does *not* look like
you.

Now, it's true that the hairstyle is very much like yours. And the
clothes — I'll give you the clothes — you *do* have a red tee-shirt
identical to that. And jeans. You are, in fact, wearing jeans. However,
your assertion that the character you've built is "chiseled" just like
you is, in a word, ludicrous.

The man on the screen is, indeed, chiseled. Like a Greek statue. You, on
the other hand, are kinda molded, like a pile of wet clay that has
slowly sunk, as a glob, into your easy chair.

The man on the screen has biceps of 36-inches and a 22-inch waist. You
combine those numbers into a 58-inch waistline. However, both you and
the man on the screen ARE wearing white sweatbands on your head. That
much is clear. However, his is considerably smaller. You, my friend, are
like the real-life equivalent of a "big head" cheat mode.

The man on the screen has huge calves and a rippling chest. You have a
huge tummy that ripples whenever your controller vibrates. The man on
the screen is now doing the robot. Please don't try to prove your point
to me by standing and doing the robot — no don't — I'm begging you not
to attempt the robot. Your attempt to robot looks like Fred Flintstone
undergoing a Pokémon-induced epileptic seizure. You've just crushed the
coffee-table. What was once merely sad has turned into a tragedy of
Oedipal proportions, from which I am unable to avert my eyes as though
you are a grisly walking car accident. If said accident involved a
robot. Who is pear-shaped. And retarded.

\[Daily Victim idea
[submitted](https://web.archive.org/web/20031009000000/http://feedback.gamespy.com/)
by GameSpy reader and — I feel obliged to add, SUPER GENIUS — Mark
Allenbach.\]