---
blurb: >
  OKay, it's clear that you suck. Let's play multiplayer, where you'll blend in with
  the other smacktards. Hey, don't you walk away! I'll tell mom!
color: false
date: '2003-11-03'
history:
- date: '2003-12-21 19:24:37'
  votes:
  - 157
  - 30
  - 57
  - 64
  - 93
  - 158
  - 222
  - 347
  - 296
  - 643
- date: '2003-12-21 19:26:23'
  votes:
  - 157
  - 30
  - 57
  - 64
  - 93
  - 158
  - 222
  - 347
  - 296
  - 643
- date: '2004-02-29 02:05:31'
  votes:
  - 159
  - 30
  - 57
  - 66
  - 93
  - 160
  - 226
  - 352
  - 305
  - 664
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 159
  - 31
  - 57
  - 66
  - 94
  - 162
  - 231
  - 353
  - 306
  - 668
id: 671
permalink: /671/nope-cant-play-call-of-duty-doctors-orders-youll-have-to-do-it-for-me/
score: 7.43
title: Nope, can't play *Call of Duty.* Doctor's Orders. You'll have to do it for
  me.
vicpic: victimpics/nov03/wristbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/nov03/wrist.png
votes: 2149
---

Shut UP, Patrick! You're my little brother, and mom said that so long as
I have this wrist injury, YOU have to help me out around the house. So
quit whining. You can play *Viewtiful Joe* after I'm better.

In the meantime, you have to play *Call of Duty* and do exactly as I
say. What do you mean, WHY? Look at me! Look at this debilitating wrist
injury! I'm just following Doctor's orders. Don't worry, you'll like
*Call of Duty*. It's about this war that happened a long time ago, where
the guys who spoke English teamed up with the Russians against the guys
who spoke other languages. I think they were fighting to free the
slaves.

Okay, click on "load game." Now click on that one -- no, down one -- no,
down -- THERE! Click that! Okay, now, You're a Russian, but you speak
English with a Russian accent. I don't know why, there's a WAR going on,
they probably didn't have TIME to speak Russian.

Now, move forward! Press the "W" key! Shoot! Shoot the guy! With the
mouse! Put the little "plus" sign on his forehead and push the mouse
button! Okay, you're dead, press F9 to reload. Now this time, don't die!
I'm telling you not to, and I'm your big brother.

Kill the Germans! Shoot the guy! Shoot the other guy! Shoot the guy
behind that guy! Now shoot the other guy! Shoot the dude with the gun!
Okay, now, THOSE Germans have a tank, so all you can do is huddle in
this crater and pray to God for a cutscene. Why? Because in Russia only
party members got tanks. Oh great, now you're dead. Didn't I tell you
not to die? Why you gotta disobey your big brother?

\[Daily Victim idea
[submitted](https://web.archive.org/web/20031103000000/http://feedback.gamespy.com/)
by GameSpy reader Patton. Submit your own!\]