---
blurb: >
  How come Donald Duck isn't in this thing, anyways? When I think "Extreme," I think
  Donald Duck. He just goes with the territory.
color: false
date: '2003-11-05'
history:
- date: '2003-11-24 23:43:32'
  votes:
  - 91
  - 25
  - 29
  - 49
  - 78
  - 122
  - 251
  - 446
  - 438
  - 1064
- date: '2003-12-21 19:28:33'
  votes:
  - 95
  - 25
  - 30
  - 50
  - 82
  - 130
  - 260
  - 457
  - 446
  - 1084
- date: '2003-12-21 19:32:12'
  votes:
  - 95
  - 25
  - 30
  - 50
  - 82
  - 130
  - 260
  - 457
  - 446
  - 1084
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 97
  - 25
  - 31
  - 53
  - 85
  - 133
  - 266
  - 469
  - 455
  - 1113
id: 672
permalink: /672/now-that-theres-a-child-in-the-house-im-only-permitted-to-play-disneys-extreme-skate-adventure/
score: 8.15
title: Now that there's a child in the house, I'm only permitted to play *Disney's
  Extreme Skate Adventure*
vicpic: victimpics/nov03/disneyskatebig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/nov03/disneyskate.png
votes: 2764
---

No, my wife is very clear on the point. So long as the baby is watching,
I'm not to be playing any violent video games. And I can understand
that, really. But the thing is ... *The Baby is Always Watching*. It's
like I'm the most interesting thing in the house, so long as I'm holding
a PlayStation controller.

So now the only thing I'm allowed to play is *Disney Skate Adventure*.
It's a nightmare. I shouldn't say that — at first it was enjoyable. I
mean, you can't go wrong with Tarzan pulling in some sick air. It's
actually a fun little game. Lemme tell you something else: Woody from
*Toy Story* can completely WRECK it with the quickness. I know, I know,
but give me some credit, it's all I'm allowed to play.

Of COURSE it gets on my nerves. I mean ... I want to turn on some kind
of "blood mode" or something. Can you imagine what it's like to have a
hardcore craving for some monstrous *SOCOM: Navy Seals* action, only to
have to make do with Simba the lion cub grinding the Pizza Planet sign?
I just ... start ... twitching. Can't they just hook up Pumbaa and Timon
with rocket launchers or something? I think I saw that in the movie.
What about Zurg? Couldn't they at least give him a blaster? It's a
DISNEY game! Why can't I kick Goofy in the balls?

Wait ... hold on a second ... it looks like she's asleep. The baby's
asleep! Maybe I can fire up some Navy Seal action — wait — uh — oh NO
now she's *lookin'* at me. SON OF A ... you know.

\[Victim trails off amidst the happy sounds of a Disney game, intermixed
with sobbing.\]