---
blurb: >
  Oh, here he comes. "Yes, YES honey, I'm going to wear the chainmail with the white
  pants. DEAL."
color: false
date: '2003-11-17'
history:
- date: '2004-02-22 04:39:11'
  votes:
  - 87
  - 18
  - 24
  - 42
  - 56
  - 103
  - 182
  - 410
  - 407
  - 989
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 89
  - 18
  - 25
  - 43
  - 56
  - 103
  - 183
  - 417
  - 409
  - 1003
id: 675
permalink: /675/my-husbands-online-roleplaying-habits-are-a-serious-source-of-marital-strife/
score: 8.3
title: My husband's online roleplaying habits are a serious source of marital strife.
vicpic: victimpics/nov03/elfbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/nov03/elf.png
votes: 2361
---

Look at him standing over there by the town crier -- he's the Elf, in
the shirt? Yeah, it took him *twenty minutes* to pick out that
hairstyle. And another five minutes to choose the perfect shade of
"glistening platinum blonde" (his words).

We started playing together because I thought we would do quests, or
kill things, or hunt orcs, or -- hell, I'd even be happy just drinking
ale in the pub with my guild. Like I used to do after classes with the
gang back on campus.

But -- look at him! Just look at him. We spent two hours last night
going from merchant to merchant until he could find a leather
breastplate that matched his boots. That shirt? Custom tailored. Same
with the wristguards to match. And his backpack is full of other
clothes: he's got his formal attire, his ceremonial attire, his
dungeoning attire, his town wear, his beach wear, his Summer filking
outfit -- what the hell happened to him?

He insists on having both a brown pair of boots and a black pair of
boots on him at all times.

Last night he looked our cleric up and down and then said, "Oh honey,
you are *not* wearing *that* with *those*." Then he raised both his
hands and said "Giiiiii-iirl!" Afterwards, he made her put on a helmet
because "I can't stand to see that eye shadow clash with the pale blue
aura of the obsidian blade."

This morning I gave him a cloak of displacement that he refuses to wear
until he can "coordinate an ensemble."

The thing is, he's just a jeans and tee-shirt kind of guy around the
house. He acts all macho when he's got the guys over. I think this whole
online roleplaying thing triggered off some sort of latent
fashion-consciousness that he's been suppressing. Should I be worried?

...Can I just player kill him? Or is that bad for a marriage?

\[Daily Victim idea
[submitted](http://web.archive.org/web/20031117000000/http://feedback.gamespy.com/)
by GameSpy reader Steen, based on what is possibly a true story.\]