---
blurb: >
  Hey, some things are worth risking your home audio's eternal damnation for.
color: false
date: '2003-11-26'
history:
- date: '2003-12-21 19:41:59'
  votes:
  - 42
  - 14
  - 23
  - 15
  - 43
  - 70
  - 117
  - 269
  - 369
  - 1040
- date: '2004-02-22 04:50:54'
  votes:
  - 44
  - 14
  - 26
  - 18
  - 43
  - 74
  - 124
  - 284
  - 376
  - 1099
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 44
  - 15
  - 26
  - 20
  - 44
  - 76
  - 129
  - 289
  - 387
  - 1125
id: 678
permalink: /678/what-would-you-give--for-the-one-perfect-lap/
score: 8.67
title: What would YOU give ... for the one, *perfect* lap?
vicpic: victimpics/nov03/soulsellbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/nov03/soulsell.png
votes: 2174
---

"Just a signature is all it'll take," said the blood-red horned man in
the stylishly cut Italian three-piece suit. The feather he handed me
burned with a blue flame that emitted heat but no sound.

I looked over the contract. "So this will make me the greatest *Project
Gotham Racing 2* player on the planet, eh?" I asked, peering at the
miniscule print etched in ancient hand onto what appeared to be a scroll
of human skin. "In return for ... WHAT? My SOUL!?" I pushed the contract
back to him. "Not that I'm using it or anything, but no deal."

"WHAT!?" boomed the man across from me, pounding his red hands on my
kitchen table. His nails were over an inch long and black as obsidian.
"But you said --"

"I said I'd sell my *stereo* just to master this game," I pointed out.
"I was upset, you know, when I shook my fists at the heavens and shouted
it into my Xbox headset. But I remember I was very clear on that part.
About the stereo."

The man hissed something through his teeth that I won't repeat here.

"Well you don't have to get emotional," I said, offering to give back
his feather.

"Of COURSE I'm emotional. I'm SATAN!" he roared, his voice reverberating
and dimming the lights. I think I actually saw smoke as he snatched away
his contract. "Stupid garbled headset and its stupid robot voice," he
muttered, standing up. "I told them to fix that. Bill and I are going to
have to have another of our little chats."

The devil was about to leave my apartment when he stopped in his tracks.
He peered above my entertainment center with squinty eyes, noticing for
the first time my shiny new stereo. It was a sweet setup, complete with
dual-midwoofer 8-inch floor speakers. Then he turned back to me. "This
it?" he asked. I nodded.

He pursed his lips appreciatively and arched an eyebrow.

"So what can I get for my stereo?" I asked.

The Prince of Darkness settled into my couch, then crossed one leg over
the other. His shoes, I noted, must've cost a fortune. He reached an arm
casually over the back of the seat.

"One ... perfect ... lap," he offered.

Ordinarily, I'd refuse. But then again, Xbox Live records your scores --
you know, permanently. If I had the perfect lap... it would stay there,
*forever*.

Reaching into the breast pocket of his three-piece suit, the Devil
withdrew a dog-eared 3x5 card smudged with barbecue sauce. On one side
was a contract. On the other was a Microsoft end-user license agreement.

I picked up the flaming feather pen.

"Hook me up."