---
blurb: >
  I've just started recieving Veteran's Benefits in the mail...
color: false
date: '2003-12-02'
history:
- date: '2003-12-04 13:24:25'
  votes:
  - 20
  - 4
  - 7
  - 3
  - 19
  - 34
  - 42
  - 160
  - 241
  - 925
- date: '2004-02-06 11:08:10'
  votes:
  - 32
  - 5
  - 11
  - 6
  - 25
  - 48
  - 68
  - 263
  - 365
  - 1479
- date: '2004-02-06 11:13:25'
  votes:
  - 32
  - 5
  - 11
  - 6
  - 25
  - 48
  - 68
  - 263
  - 365
  - 1479
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 32
  - 6
  - 11
  - 7
  - 26
  - 50
  - 72
  - 275
  - 378
  - 1552
id: 680
permalink: /680/victory-will-be-mine-in-this-battlefield-1942-map-contest--though-i-had-to-take-some-drastic-actions/
score: 9.12
title: Victory will be mine in this *Battlefield 1942* map contest ... though I had
  to take some drastic actions.
vicpic: victimpics/mar02/eescenariobig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/mar02/eescenario.png
votes: 2430
---

I love building maps and scenarios for wargames, and ever since [my
complete mastery of *Empire Earth*'s scenario
builder](@/victim/309.md) and the [fallout from
that](@/victim/317.md), I shifted my attention to 3D mapping.

It was hard-going at first. My initial *Medal of Honor* map was called
"Escape from the solitary confinement cell of Stalag 69," and it
accurately depicted a 6' cube with no light, weapons, or doors. The only
way to 'win' was to join it in multiplayer and knife each other to
death.

But nowadays I'm pretty damn good. When I saw an Internet site was
running a *Battlefield 1942* mapping contest, I was all over it like
soot on Stalingrad.

I guess I should've read the rules more closely.

I started coding up a brutal scenario. At first I called it, "Thomas's
Rolling Wave of Unflinching Japanese Death." That didn't exactly roll
off the tongue. So I called it "The Battle of Samoht Island," figuring I
was clever. (Get it? Samoht? Thomas? Bah.)

I had it all. Custom scripts. My own textures. New models. USO girls. I
must've spent 100 hours on that thing over the course of five days. But
then, when I went to check the rules to see if there was a file size
limit (my intro cinematic included 20 minutes of vintage war footage) I
discovered RULE 3:

"All entries must be based off of actual World War II battles."

I froze up, staring numbly at my monitor. *Actual* battles? Samoht
island doesn't actually exist, nor was there a battle fought there. I
frantically called up some World War II history sites trying to see if a
battle played out similar to the one that I had developed, but there was
no such battle. Certainly no battles involving precision Coke-machine
airdrops. Much less secret Japanese hoversubs and amphibious carriers.

I rolled backwards on my chair, reeling. I had to think. THINK!

Well, one thing I've noticed about gamers -- particularly by the number
of people in the forums asking who actually won the war -- is that we're
not dealing with war historians here. And this is the Internet. I just
needed to plant a little evidence.

Two days before the contest deadline, I wrote up a history of the
hard-fought battle at Samoht island, submitting it to an amateur history
site. I also created a website for the Samoht Board of Tourism that
talked about their World War II battlefields landmark, cemetery, and
museum. Then I created a fake email address and sent an angry note to a
more legitimate Pacific War history site, linking to the article on the
amateur site and saying, "as a lifelong resident of beautiful Samoht
island, I take offense to the marginalizing of our contribution to this
war. Years after the conflict my father lost a leg to an undetonated
landmine, which was no doubt protecting the hoversub pen."

They added a link and battle summary to their timeline. Then I got on
the phone and managed to get some Cornell Professor to publish my paper
in a historical journal, citing the website as proof of validity.
("Everything on the Internet is true!" I bellowed.) Afterwards I
convinced a Rolling Stone reporter that the lyrics from U2's "Where the
Streets Have no Name" was based off of this pivotal battle.

Armed with this "evidence," I was finally able to enter my map into the
contest. I'm still waiting to hear the results.

Unfortunately, this strategy has some serious drawbacks. For instance, I
just got a fax from the New York Times asking if I could send them
photographs of the remains of the exploding toilet that changed the
course of the battle. Then Dateline NBC called me up inquiring if they
could do a story on the locals and how they were affected by the
decimation of their secret submarine pens during the war. I told them
that I was the only islander who spoke English. When they didn't believe
me I "handed the phone" to "The Mayor" and then howled at them in
gibberish.

This thing isn't going to blow up on me, is it?

\[Daily Victim Idea
[submitted](https://web.archive.org/web/20031202000000/http://feedback.gamespy.com/)
by GameSpy reader TJourney.\]