---
blurb: >
  I'm going to start a new business, where I auction *myself* on eBay, and the winner
  doesn't have to date me.
color: false
date: '2003-12-11'
history:
- date: '2003-12-15 14:18:47'
  votes:
  - 41
  - 7
  - 15
  - 20
  - 28
  - 46
  - 123
  - 288
  - 421
  - 1568
- date: '2004-02-06 11:25:44'
  votes:
  - 47
  - 11
  - 17
  - 23
  - 37
  - 54
  - 153
  - 361
  - 507
  - 1916
- date: '2004-02-06 11:27:40'
  votes:
  - 47
  - 11
  - 17
  - 23
  - 37
  - 54
  - 153
  - 361
  - 507
  - 1916
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 47
  - 11
  - 18
  - 23
  - 38
  - 56
  - 159
  - 374
  - 524
  - 1986
id: 683
permalink: /683/my-imaginary-ebay-girlfriend-doesnt-understand-my-gaming-hobby/
score: 9.03
title: My Imaginary eBay Girlfriend Doesn't Understand My Gaming Hobby
vicpic: victimpics/oct03/harddrivebig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/oct03/harddrive.png
votes: 3260
---

Ever since I [had to clean all the adult movies off my hard
drive](@/victim/660.md) I've been really lonely around here. That's
when I spotted her, you know, on eBay. It's the latest thing. Do a
search for "Imaginary Girlfriend" and you'll find usually a half dozen
or more girls on there offering to pretend to be your girlfriend for a
week or a month.

They'll send you letters, write you email, send you a picture to put on
your desk, and even talk to your friends or parents on the phone if you
want. At the end of the month she can break up with you however you
like, usually in a really awful way so you get bonus sympathy from your
friends.

Since I wasn't having much luck dating lately, I figured I'd give one of
these imaginary girlfriends a quick try. That way my friends would stop
teasing me and my parents would get off of my back.

I thought I was a loser for trying it. But if losing was an iceberg, I
was only shaving the top of it.

Anyways, I won the auction and my new "honey" and I started making
plans. First she sent me some photos -- beautiful, long dark hair,
pearly smile, twinkling eyes. Very nice. Then we started emailing one
another about how we were supposed to have met, etc. We finally settled
on a chance encounter outside the Whattapretzel in the mall.

But after a couple of days, when I was prepping her to talk to one of my
friends on the phone, it seemed really clear there was a disconnect.
*She hadn't played a single videogame in her life!* No, not even an old
Nintendo. *Not even Space Invaders or Pac-Man, man!* I couldn't believe
it. "My friends would never buy that," I said.

So I tried to prep her on the finer points of videogames. I gave her
links to download free game demos. I gave her homework. "I want you to
[Download *Enemy
Territory*](https://web.archive.org/web/20031211000000/http://www.fileplanet.com/files/120000/124800.shtml),
and I need you to spend half an hour camping the Würzburg Radar," I said
in an instant message.

"Camping?" she asked.

"And I need you to send me an email saying that the new *America's Army*
is teh 0wn."

"The what?"

"teh 0wn."

"The own."

"With a zero."

"The ... 0wn?"

"You spelled 'teh' wrong."

At that point, my telephone rang. It was her on the other end. "Listen,
uh, I don't think this is working out. You know, between you and me,"
she explained.

"We just need to work at it a little more, baby!" I cooed.

"I need my space," she pleaded. "I think we need to auction with other
people."

"You're *DUMPING me!?*"

"I'll give you your money back," she said. "In fact, I'm even putting
extra money in your account ... never talk to me again."

This puts me in the unique position of having had a completely random
stranger pay me not to date her.