---
blurb: >
  "Jump, Sergei! Jump like the ... wind! Er ... something!"
color: false
date: '2003-12-16'
history:
- date: '2004-01-13 23:54:49'
  votes:
  - 102
  - 19
  - 19
  - 23
  - 40
  - 58
  - 95
  - 187
  - 244
  - 1088
- date: '2004-01-14 01:20:35'
  votes:
  - 102
  - 19
  - 19
  - 23
  - 40
  - 58
  - 95
  - 187
  - 244
  - 1088
- date: '2004-02-06 11:44:36'
  votes:
  - 103
  - 20
  - 20
  - 23
  - 43
  - 62
  - 106
  - 197
  - 257
  - 1129
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 109
  - 21
  - 21
  - 28
  - 46
  - 67
  - 110
  - 207
  - 274
  - 1192
id: 685
permalink: /685/the-german-bunnyhopper-is-tearing-our-lines-to-shreds-well-have-to-send-in--sergei/
score: 8.47
title: The German Bunnyhopper is tearing our lines to shreds! We'll have to send in
  ... Sergei.
vicpic: victimpics/dec03/russianbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/dec03/russian.png
votes: 2098
---

The Russian Commander, a grizzled veteran who had [seen action on many
fronts](@/victim/554.md), was in a livid rage. He virtually spat at
the men lined up in the dusty bunker below the city proper. "That [Damn
German Bunnyhooper](@/victim/684.md) is bouncing up and down
Stalingrad like he owns the place, making a mockery of our machinegun
nests and spider holes!" he cried. "He's bombing every target 20 seconds
after the round starts. He must be stopped at any cost!" The commander
stopped in mid-stride, then lowered a boot to the floor and turned to
face his troops. "I see no other way..." he said quietly. "Get me Sergei
Hopzalov."

Sergei Hopzalov was a young miner's son turned infantryman, with matted
blonde hair and a scraggly dirty blonde beard, drafted out of the
Caucasus and shipped the front having never held a rifle in his life. He
earned his stripes and the attention of the Political Officers when he
single-handedly bunny-hopped unopposed through the besieging army at
Leningrad. Now he was a national hero, inspiring children from all over
the Steppes to jump up and down as they ran.

But could this illiterate child of the mountains hope to take on the
unerring bounce of the feared and notorious Karl VonBunhopfen?

The railyard was quiet but for the distant clatter of faraway
firefights. A light snow drifted down from the soot-blackened sky,
giving an ethereal quality to the black twisted fingers of gutted brick
buildings reaching toward the clouds. The smoldering hulk of a German
tank clicked and tinked near the warehouse, the innards still warm from
the fire that consumed it hours before. And from behind this hulk,
without warning, dashed VonBunhopfen.

His first leap was his most dramatic: a bold hop that cleared a grenade
without getting pegged by even a slice of shrapnel. Arms flailing, his
next hop was smooth and graceful, machinegun bullets whizzing all around
his head and torso. And so he continued, hopping across the crackling
snow.

"Get him, Sergei!" cried the commander, pushing his young Russian hero
out of the warehouse and into the white fury. At the first crack of
gunfire from the windows, Sergei almost forgot to hop -- a move that
would've been suicide. But then the instincts kicked in, and he hopped!
And hopped! And hopped again!

Across the twisted train tracks and amid the hellish raking gunfire, the
two opponents spotted one another. Von BunHopfen did a doubletake; he
nearly fell mid-leap. Hopzalov, on seeing his foe, did an amazing
*strafe-hop*, just to demonstrate that he was serious. The two opponents
both drew their submachine guns and opened fire, each one frantically
spraying bullets in wide random arcs as they leapt and skipped,
sometimes on one foot, sometimes on two. But of course neither hit the
other.

Around them the din of the guns was a dull roar, bullets whirling from
small arms and heavy machineguns alike. "Cease fire!" called out the
Russian Commander, peering at the bouncing foes through his binoculars.
"They're *jumping up and down,* thus immune to our weapons!"

The German and the Russian, finding themselves in a sudden eerie quiet,
both frantically reloaded their guns as they hopped and skipped. They
circled around one another, jumping up and down, their arms flipping
above their heads. VonBunhopfen saw through the twinkling snow the face
of Hopzalov, with bright red cheeks and a twisted beard framing a broad,
childlike gin. Could he possibly hold out against such a foe? His legs
began quivering like noodles as he hit the ground after each hop. Would
he be able to hold out against this new, younger foe?

{% css_class(class="center") %}
\* &nbsp; &nbsp; \* &nbsp; &nbsp; \*
{% end %}

**FLASHBACK: The VonBunhopfen Estate. Bavaria, 1913.**

Young Karl jumped and jumped again, flanked on either side by
stone-faced manservants in dark uniforms who whirled the jumprope in
time to the nearby clack of a metronome. One of them counted out in
sharp-tongued German: "506! 507! 508! 509!" Little Karl, his blonde hair
sticky with sweat, could barely keep his legs bent.

Suddenly, the rope caught his shoe and he fell to the flagstones,
skinning his knee below his short knickers. The drone of the counting
ceased, to be replaced by the chirp of birds, but the metronome clicked
angrily on. His little face grew red; it twisted. Tears flowed. Little
Karl began to cry.

He lifted himself on his weak little legs, and stumbled toward the
grass, a trickle of blood down his knee. "Papa! Papa!" he blubbered. "I
don't want to jump anymore!"

When his massive father lifted himself from the lawn chair to tower over
his son, the tears suddenly halted. The elder VonBunhopfen, with his
great grey beard waxed into two pointed horns on either side of his
chin, loomed over his offspring. Behind him the stone walls of the manor
gave silent tribute to his father's authority.

The great man withdrew a delicate gold watch from his waistcoat pocket,
flicked it open, then snapped it shut again with a guttural harumph.
"Done jumping?" he rumbled. His cold eyes turned to pierce his son.
"Would the *Kaiser* be done jumping?"

Little Karl looked down sheepishly at his feet and his sagging socks.
"Nein..." he answered in a tiny voice.

"Neeeeeeeeiiiiiiinnn!" rebutted his father, drawing out the word to
drive his point home. "Now JUMP! Jump, boy, jump! HOP! Hop for the
FATHERLAND!"

Karl stumbled back to the jumprope, wiping tears on his flopping sleeve.
The trickle of blood from his knee rolled down to his ankle. The
jumprope started. Karl VonBunhopfen jumped it.

{% css_class(class="center") %}
\* &nbsp; &nbsp; \* &nbsp; &nbsp; \*
{% end %}

**Stalingrad, October 1942**

Behind the soot-grey skies the sun had begun to set, casting an
unnatural orange glow throughout the remnants of the falling snow.
Sergei Hopzalov stared anxiously into the cold steel-blue eyes of his
German counterpart. Their submachineguns had long before run out of ammo
and had been cast aside. Each combatant now only had a pistol. The
maneuvering had stopped, and the two opponents now faced one another on
either side of a pair of icy railway tracks.

They were hoping up and down.

They were hopping up and down knowing that the first man to stop hopping
would be shot and killed immediately by the victor. Sergei had tried
everything; he'd strafe-hopped, he double-hopped, he even tried a stint
at crouch-jumping. But the cold German matched him hop for hop, skip for
skip, unmoving, unerring.

Could Sergei hope to overcome his bouncing foe? Would Russia's heartland
fall to jackbooted jumpers such as VonBunhopfen? Segei could barely feel
his legs, could hardly jump his next jump...

{% css_class(class="center") %}
\* &nbsp; &nbsp; \* &nbsp; &nbsp; \*
{% end %}

**FLASHBACK: Caucasus Mountains, 1933**

The snow fell thick, white and pure, yet the ground was grey in the
diffused daylight. The courtyard was partially defined by what little of
the wooden fence remained that had not been plundered for firewood.
Three lines of ragged young men leapt up and down before the officer who
barked at them through a speaking trumpet. Steam escaped their mouths
and poured from their sweating faces. Young Sergei Hopzalov was at that
awkward age just beyond puberty, his body misproportioned to itself and
gangly from growth despite lack of nourishment.

"Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump!" cried out the man, his voice booming through
the trumpet and calling faintly back to them as echoes from the
mountains. In the distance thumped outdating mining equipment, rusting
in the elements, and faintly the shrill whistle and chug of a train made
itself heard over the wind.

Young Sergei could take it no more. His body was burning and sticky with
sweat and heat, and yet the freezing air kept cutting into his lungs
like icicles. His wobbling legs threatened to give out with each leap.
Finally, he could take it no more; his knees collapsed. He stumbled
forward. He stopped to press his shaking hands against his legs and to
pant for air.

"Stop -- STOP!" bellowed the officer with the trumpet. His aide came
forward with a list and pointed to a name. The officer walked forward,
his boots crunching in the snow. "Sergei Hopzalov," he droned,
contemptuously. "Tell me, Sergei, why you saw fit to stop your leaping?"

"Can't ... breathe ..." Sergei panted, gasping for air. "Got ... to rest
a little ..."

"REST!" boomed the Officer. "I wasn't calling out for resting. I was
calling out for *jumping.* Does Mother Russia need resters? Did the
glorious revolutionaries bleed for your right to rest?"

Sergei was flushed and terrified. "No," he stammered, righting himself.
But the Officer continued.

"Perhaps you think that you are too good to jump? You will let others
jump, but not jump yourself. This is not Communism. This is not our
proud father Lenin's vision. This is fat! Lazy! Bourgeois! Look around
you Sergei. THIS is the worker's paradise! And here, *Everybody Jumps.*
In Soviet Union, *Everybody Jumps.*"

"Sir, why aren't you jumping?" asked a young man called Vassili Fetisov,
standing at the other end of the ranks. A pair of large burly men pulled
Vassili into a nearby shed.

The Officer resumed his position at the front of the men. "In Soviet
Union, *Everybody Jumps.*" he repeated. "Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump!"

Sergei jumped.

{% css_class(class="center") %}
\* &nbsp; &nbsp; \* &nbsp; &nbsp; \*
{% end %}

**Stalingrad, October 1942**

The wind whistled through the abandoned boxcars. Two pairs of boots
crunched in the snow, their soles worn. The Russian and the German
hopped and hopped. They hopped and jumped and skipped and hopped.

The sun set.

Several hours later, it rose again.
