---
blurb: >
  By the way, would you mind telling me where I might find your mother? Oh, no particular
  reason.
color: false
date: '2004-01-09'
history:
- date: '2004-01-13 23:59:34'
  votes:
  - 105
  - 12
  - 28
  - 34
  - 41
  - 64
  - 122
  - 228
  - 381
  - 1057
- date: '2004-01-14 00:04:36'
  votes:
  - 105
  - 12
  - 28
  - 34
  - 41
  - 64
  - 122
  - 228
  - 381
  - 1057
- date: '2004-02-28 19:14:39'
  votes:
  - 216
  - 48
  - 62
  - 79
  - 85
  - 112
  - 197
  - 358
  - 521
  - 1413
- date: '2004-02-28 19:19:26'
  votes:
  - 216
  - 48
  - 62
  - 79
  - 85
  - 112
  - 197
  - 358
  - 521
  - 1413
- date: '2007-07-04 08:23:31'
  votes:
  - 229
  - 50
  - 62
  - 83
  - 91
  - 123
  - 203
  - 377
  - 528
  - 1480
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 229
  - 50
  - 62
  - 83
  - 91
  - 123
  - 203
  - 377
  - 528
  - 1480
id: 691
permalink: /691/attention-fellow-roleplayers-the-end-is-nigh-and-by-nigh-i-mean-really-really-close/
score: 8.0
title: Attention fellow roleplayers! The End is Nigh! And by Nigh, I mean Really,
  Really Close!
vicpic: victimpics/jan04/endisnearbig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/jan04/endisnear.gif
votes: 3255
---

Behold, the end of the server is nigh! ...Nigh. You know, near. No, that
wasn't a typo. Okay, look, just shut up and listen.

This server is going down! Dooooown! It's dooooomed! I [overheard two
guys talking](@/victim/690.md) at the coffee shop yesterday, while I
hid behind a newspaper. No, in real life, you moron. They were talking
about a complete server failure, this weekend. All life as we know it
would suddenly cease to exist, disappearing with a final anguished cry
back into the random bits and bytes from whence we came. Where once
there was life, there will be only silence.

And then, a couple of minutes later, the server will reboot. And we'll
be restored to how we were last Sunday night, from a tape backup.

Don't you GET it, man? We're the walking dead! We're all doomed! That
experience you earned Tuesday night? It'll be gone. Along with all the
new armor you bought afterwards. This conversation we're having right
now? It'll be like it never happened! Erased! Gone! Kaput!

No man, there's nothing you can do about it. That server crash is
inevitable, like the Olsen twins appearing in Playboy in 20 years. No,
you can't stop it. What should you do?

Repent? Are you kidding me? Repent, nothing! You're living on borrowed
time. Embrace hedonism, baby!

That's right! Total chaos, complete carnage, three days of
pre-Armageddon orgies of wanton waste and corruption. Dragons in the
town square! Nudists rolling in the mithril mines! Pudding for everyone!
Orcs and elves, sleeping together!

Go ahead, attack the shopkeepers: your reputation will reset after the
crash. Steal stuff from priests. Firebomb the orphanage. Hit on your
best friend's mother. Leather, handcuffs. It don't matter! The end is
nigh!

...Nigh. You know, *nigh*. It means near. It's like ... okay, nevermind.
I'll just change the sign.