---
blurb: >
  Hey, can you spare a copper piece or two? I'd like to buy a piece of bread. It'll
  restore one of my six hit points. \*sob\*
color: false
date: '2004-01-21'
history:
- date: '2004-02-18 12:53:50'
  votes:
  - 64
  - 7
  - 8
  - 7
  - 19
  - 33
  - 69
  - 165
  - 353
  - 4345
- date: '2009-05-03 19:17:52'
  votes:
  - 96
  - 12
  - 11
  - 11
  - 26
  - 46
  - 90
  - 218
  - 446
  - 5788
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 96
  - 12
  - 11
  - 11
  - 26
  - 46
  - 90
  - 218
  - 446
  - 5789
id: 692
permalink: /692/my-plan-to-crash-my-favorite-mmorpg-server-required-a-little-help-from-an-unexpected-place/
score: 9.57
title: My plan to crash my favorite MMORPG server required a little help from an unexpected
  place
vicpic: victimpics/jan04/summonbig.gif
vicpic_small: victimpics/jan04/summon.gif
votes: 6777
---

After losing my best character's most powerful staff in my favorite
online game, I knew [I had to take drastic action](@/victim/690.md)
to get it back. I discovered that if I could just crash the game
database -- say, by summoning 257 dragons in a single zone -- I could
force the game to restore an old backup where my character still had his
stuff. I would, once again, be the most powerful evil cleric in the
game. My plan was flawless.

I started posting announcements all over the taverns, and pretty soon
[word spread all over the server.](@/victim/691.md) I told everyone
it was a Dragon-summoning competition, where the best looking dragon
would win over 2 million platinum pieces. But people began to suspect
that something was up. In the hours leading up to the contest, the
streets of neighboring towns were filled with [panic, looting, and
debauchery](@/victim/691.md).

At last the hour was at hand. I knew that I had to somehow get these
guys to summon 257 dragons simultaneously before the end of the evening,
when the server would back itself up and my opportunity would be lost
forever. A low fog hung in the air around the ruins of the old temple
where I decided to make my move. In the nearby village, a horde of
playerkillers were killing everything in sight, oblivious to their
reputation, screaming about the end of the world as their swords glinted
in the blood-red sunlight and fires crackled across the blackened husks
of what used to be player-built housing. The signs of Armageddon were
all around; on the cracked and overgrown steps leading up to the temple
ruins, priests shouted at the incoming sorcerers to repent, REPENT!

And on a nearby hillock a Bard sung a song with only his drums as an
accompaniment:

*That's great it starts with an earthquake  
 Birds and drakes and players slain  
 Lenny Bruce is not afraid;  
 Wizards going PK, listen to yourself say  
 "Gimmie buffs" it's not enough  
 Knights are shucking armored stuff  
 Preachers casting cure light wounds  
 Lining up the two moons, wetting in their pantaloons  
 Less leet, dead meat, cast flight, bright light,  
 Going down you level up it's allright ... right?  
 It's the end of the world as we know it!  
 It's the end of the world as we know it!  
 It's the end of the world as we know it...  
 At least online.*

The song was suddenly interrupted when a mammoth scaled foot crushed the
bard with a tremendous wet squish and final, agonized cry. The dragon
who had done the dirty work shone bluish-green in the diffuse sunlight,
smoke pouring from his nostrils. He was just one of the dozens of fell
beasts who stomped amongst the broken stone pillars or circled above the
hillside, knots of sorcerers from numerous guilds below chanting the
high-level incantations to bring them into being. Already the framerate
was chugging; magic users on lesser machines had to stare at the ground
to keep from crashing.

But it wasn't enough!! By my count there were just under a hundred
dragons in the ruined temple zone, already an impressive feat but by no
means enough to crash the server. I yelled above the din, trying to get
the magic users to invite their friends over, but they insisted that
everyone they knew who could summon dragons was already there. Already
the great beasts filled the sky ... and soon the sorcerers would be
asking for their 2 million platinum piece reward.

I didn't even *have* two million platinum pieces! I was counting on the
server to crash. I began to pray for a miracle at the ruined temple
altar, shadows of the dragons above crisscrossing the stone surface.

That's how he found me, the old man in the tattered black robes. I
estimated that the Wizard before me had been a character since the game
first started, but his wrinkled, scarred face showed an age beyond his
years.

"On your feet, plebian! Speak the truth, man, for I am [the Divine Unix
Server Administrator](@/victim/119.md), and your wretched
machinations have aroused both my interest and ire!" he boomed. "WHY
have you requested 257 dragon handlers? Why not the binarily divisible
holy number of 256? Could this be an attempt to bring some part of the
database to its knees? Speak, nose morsel!"

Was he a game admin sent to bust me? Or another player who had uncovered
my scheme? I didn't know, but either way, in the hour of the apocalypse,
I had nothing to lose. "Yes ... I'm going to crash this server. Crash it
dead! Bring it down like Sodom and Gomorrah, topple it like the walls of
Jericho, so that it'll restore my backed-up character from a week ago."

The gnarled man nodded, stroking his chin. "I thought as much," he typed
back. "For over a year I've been trying to do the same thing. I've
nested 257 backpacks into one another. I've flooded a chat channel with
over 1000 screaming bots. I've created characters with 6000-letter-long
names. Yet the server has withstood my nefarious orchestrations. But
you, little man? You must know something I don't. I will see your little
plan to fruition."

He turned his back to me and raised his arms toward a hillside. I
frantically typed questions after question to him, only to be ignored.
What I didn't understand until moments later was that he was private
messaging his guild.

Suddenly, through a veil of shimming white light, a line of wizardly
figures slowly emerged until their silhouettes stretched across the
horizon. They carried staffs and wore pointed hats. As one, they raised
their arms and began summoning. There were easily 200 of them.

"...who!?" I typed.

At last the Divine Server administrator answered. "[The
Koreans](@/victim/335.md)," he said. "The [most powerful single body
of MMOG players in the world.](@/victim/547.md) They can mobilize
thousands of cybercafe surfers in the time it takes to send a single
cell phone text message. And now, they will summon your dragons. Fall to
your knees and grovel, goatish vassal, for you stand between the
cheese-filled toes of GIANTS!"

One by one the dragons appeared in the skies above, until their swirling
bulk blotted out the sun. And then they kept coming, appearing in
flashes of yellow and purple magic, white sparks raining from the sky
like hail.

Soon the individual dragons became indistinct, as the dragon models --
spawning in so quickly -- were drawn on top of one another. Above the
ruined temple the blackened sky was filled with indiscriminate blobs of
multicolored wings and tails and teeth, flapping and swinging in every
direction.

Then, when one of the chaotic evil dragons attacked one of the lawful
good dragons, the stuttering server suddenly lurched them all into
active combat mode, and fire exploded in all directions. By now, even
the most powerful of computers couldn't render them all; every few
seconds a frame would appear on one's computer monitor, a hellish
conflagration of scales and explosions, claws and teeth locked together
like a satanic M.C. Escher portrait.

The noise was inhuman, by now a continuous bellowing roar, as if a
million Ford Pintos suddenly backed into each other in a stadium filled
with mousetraps.

And above this monstrous din, I asked the Divine Server Administrator
why a wizard as powerful as himself wanted to end the world.

"Over a year ago, a group of [filthy twinkers](@/victim/490.md) under
the tutelage of a pithy [Windows Administrator](@/victim/365.md)
managed to [player-kill me 36 times in 24 hours](@/victim/546.md). I
lost everything."

"Over a year ago?" I asked, as a few feet away two dragons came crashing
to the ground and began fighting claw-to-claw with their smoldering
wings torn to ribbons. "But the backups are done weekly."

"FOOLISH MORTAL!" he boomed. "So distraught was I on losing my lewt that
I visited the server farm of this game in person. The grotesque
reprobates who run this sham of a service refused to restore my
character, but while I was there I surreptitiously snapped the
write-protect tab off of their backup tapes."

My mind whirled. I didn't know what to type. The Administrator seemed to
revel in my confusion.

"That's right, little man! Those fewls THOUGHT they were backing up
their database every week, but it hasn't been backed up since January
12th, 2003! AND NOW BY MINE OWN HANDS I SHALL ROLL BACK TIME AND REGAIN
MY LOST LEWT!!"

He began to chant a spell that would summon the 257th dragon. "Noo!" I
typed, and I frantically equipped my sword to try to attack him. But my
framerate crawled; I staggered toward him, sword outstretched ... slowly
... slowly ... But then his spell was done.

No dragon appeared, but the mass of dragons above us suddenly froze, and
an eerie silence descended.

"Had they written this in Linux," scoffed the Administrator, "It
wouldn't have crashed."

The next two minutes would live on in legend. None of the players could
see it, but the 257th dragon overwrote the shop inventory part of the
database, meaning he appeared in the storeroom of a bakery in the town
below. The beast struggled amidst a pile of dough and flour, but the
game read the data all wrong, so from the AI shopkeeper's perspective
his inventory now included 47 stickybuns, 119 deceased trolls, and two
towns. He sold the latter to a player who thought he was buying a piece
of cake, and for this reason moments later players were teleporting into
the player's inventory. On hearing the voices in his head, he
frantically tried to drop the town, which created a gaping hole in the
game map where the town used to be. This hole led into a part of the
database that tracked monster spawning behavior, where several players
innocently walked, causing a horde of locusts and lich lords to assault
the capital. 65536 lich lords, actually -- far more than the server
could create. Fire rained from the sky as a solid wall of undeath poured
through the town gates like water. The townspeople, those who weren't
petrified at the sight, fled in all directions, screaming that the end
had come. All but one, a bold high-level cleric, who bravely stood on a
platform in the town square and cast "turn undead." Unbeknownst to him,
the majority of the over 65,000 liches had been spawned into the
heightmap data file, so by exorcising them the cleric turned the seas to
blood, the land to lava, and sent several towns 1000 feet below sea
level. Their inhabitants drowned instantly and (thanks to an overwritten
value that now set the game's map size to 16x16 feet) they respawned
into the magic spell effects tables. This briefly turned everyone who
still lived into pretty butterflies before the server finally crashed
entirely.

Twenty anxious minutes passed while I tried to log back in, desperate to
see the results of the horror once the servers were restored.

My character woke up in a green swaying field of grass near one of the
starting towns. I checked my inventory -- one rusted short sword, a
melon, and a gnarled stick I had carved myself. Nearby, a rat saw me and
it attacked. He bit me, and half of my hit points went away. I
frantically attacked it with my stick, missing, missing, and finally
hitting. It took seven blows to kill the beast, by which time I was
almost dead.

I sunk into my chair. Darkly I remembered that I had just started
playing the game in January of last year. "No," I whispered in hideous
disbelief. "No ..."

My character fell to his knees, looked up to the cruel heavens, and
waved his ordinary wooden staff in the air as he shook his fist. "I'm a
newbie! *I'M A NEWBIE!* NNNOOOOOOO!!!"