---
blurb: >
  \[Author's note: Big changes to the Daily Victim are in the works!\]
color: true
date: '2004-03-16'
history:
- date: '2009-02-15 13:35:32'
  votes:
  - 391
  - 53
  - 86
  - 64
  - 103
  - 154
  - 252
  - 349
  - 263
  - 732
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 391
  - 53
  - 86
  - 64
  - 103
  - 154
  - 252
  - 349
  - 263
  - 732
id: 696
permalink: /696/the-search-for-a-new-gamespy-artist-remains-steeped-in-controversy/
score: 6.73
title: The Search for a New GameSpy Artist Remains Steeped in Controversy.
vicpic: victimpics/mar04/horsebig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/mar04/horse.png
votes: 2479
---

The weeks continued to drag on, but all attempts to bring the artist
search to a fruitful closure had been stalled. As you know from [my
update last month](@/victim/695.md), Fargo was hiding from the
Koreans in Vegas and somehow had it in his head that the ideal artist
candidate so far was a horse.

His repeated and nagging attempts to sell me on the idea of a horse
running the feature not only failed to convince me, but over time
reinforced my negative opinion of the horse idea in general and *this*
horse specifically. That stupid fly-covered snot factory ate my tape
dispenser. ATE it. He won't fit in standard cubicles. He knocked over
the water cooler, then kicked down a cubicle wall outside my door. I was
trapped for a week.

Fargo's calls from the road — every night a new hotel and a different
alias — got increasingly frequent and (if you believe it) even more
abusive. Finally I decided I'd had enough. So long as Fargo believed a
horse was acting as the artistic director for this critically important
comic, featured on the front page of GameSpy, I could move on with my
life. I staged some incriminating horse photographs —

**\[READER ALERT!** The phrase "incriminating horse photographs" has
just boosted our Google Pagerank by 50%. Thank you.**\]**

— then faxed them to Fargo. "He's very excited about the job," I said,
"He expressed his enthusiasm by vomiting up several meters of cellophane
tape."

Meanwhile, the REAL artist I had chosen recently expressed some
misgivings. "I have to wear — What?" he asked, standing before me in
the front half of the costume while holding a shaggy horse head with
ping-pong-ball eyes.

"Just the front half," I explained to him. "I will be the legs."