---
blurb: >
  Why no good sir, I do not appear to be afflicted with a "brokeback" but if you would
  like to examine me regardless it will require a physical...
color: false
date: '2006-02-06'
history: []
id: 699
permalink: /699/people-dont-believe-me-because-my-name-is-sarcasm/
score: 0.0
title: People Don't Believe Me Because My Name Is Sarcasm
vicpic: unfinished/cowboy.gif
vicpic_small: unfinished/cowboy_s.gif
votes: 0
---

Good evening gentlemen (and ladies, though I must warn you not to fall
for my rugged good looks), I bring you a tale of great woe. Oh the
*woe*. Let us not disclude the red-headed stepchild of woe and sorrow,
lest it choose to show itself in public.

Now, I, good sirs, am a cowboy. No, I haven't shot a gun, why do you
ask? What did you just say? Did you just call me "gay"? No? Well
regardless, you brought up a good point. Indeed, there is a special time
in a Texan's life when he ponders his Christian values and begins
wondering about such wondeful subjects as (and be sure to take good
notes here) male anatomy, and of course... uh... well, *male anatomy*.
As an Orthodox Texan I can assure you I just referred you to not one,
not two, but indeed **five** different pieces of wonderful, wonderful
man. I mean items. Yes. Items. That's right.

But how do I get about experimenting with these urges? What do these
urges give me the feelings of? What rights do I get with these urges? I
need to understand what is going on in that old, western head of mine. I
reckon I should be allowed to *feel men in whatever way I would darn
tootin' well like*! I need to learn about myself, gosh-darnnit!

And what I am trying to... No... I would not like any tea, mother. Can't
you see I am broadcasting my signals over this inter-computer hootenanny
machine? No mother I am not telling people my phone number, I'm a grown
man! I'm not going to get taken advantage of! NO I WILL NOT DO THE
DISHES NOW GIVE ME FIVE DAMN MINUTES YOU WENCH!

Pardon the interruptions gentleman, I had to settle a domestic disput
with the powers that be in my bonified mobile residence. Yes, this baby
can do 50 in a 45 zone, but I find my genuine American Auto-mo-truck
tends to stall with the littlest of ease. No mere mortal can ever hope
to reach the 60 mark, I must say, after much scientific analysis (well,
that is what uncle Sanford told me, but he hasn't been right since the
propane-fueled fireworks incident). Which is a shame, but this isn't the
purpose of my spiel here, all you *fine* men in the audience. Oh yeah,
and women of course.

But what I'm really here to talk to you about is *men*, and my perfectly
natural and well-founded feelings for them, that may or may not exist.
For many years, since I caught my humble father (who died at the
unfortunate NRA - Miners alliance gunpowder related cave-in in 2003, may
he rest in peace) doing something that looked positively exhilirating
with a co-worker. Yes, yes, you heard me, they were playing *The Sims*.

Before you know it I'm uninstalling *Deus Ex* to make room and making
textures for couches, carpets, drapes... OH THE TEXTURES. I had families
upon families, all living their daily Sim-life. Children going to
school, mothers taking care of babies, fathers arriving home late from
work thanks to their extra-marital affairs. I fell in love with this
game. Then of course I had to correspond with a dear friend named Chad
\[editor - I hate you\] who apparently lived in a different state --
Ohio, America, for some exotic textures on my Arabian rugs. Such a
strange deviation from Texas, as I went to meet him I could not help but
feel shocked and awed. I felt some strange feelings arousing inside of
me as we met. We worked side-by-side on those skins for hours. And no,
my dear mother does not know this.

The next morning I woke up over his cold, dead corpse in an alley, my
mandatory travelling pistols drawn. I have yet to meet another man like
Chad, but you have to understand it is quite a bit difficult when you're
both running from the law! I know there is another out there for me. One
that loves *The Sims* almost as much I do.

And when I do tell my tale of woe to a fine looking gentleman, he has
yet to fail to walk away after telling him my name.

*Sarcasm, PhD.*

\[EDITOR'S NOTE: The preceeding Daily Victim was written by a fan, not
Fargo.\]