---
blurb: >
  Thank God I didn't try to Gank Diablo. It's a 3-CD set. Hundreds would've died!
color: false
date: '2000-12-19'
history:
- date: '2002-10-11 08:47:26'
  votes:
  - 76
  - 16
  - 21
  - 16
  - 36
  - 49
  - 83
  - 146
  - 170
  - 908
- date: '2002-10-11 08:48:42'
  votes:
  - 76
  - 16
  - 21
  - 16
  - 36
  - 49
  - 83
  - 146
  - 170
  - 908
- date: '2002-12-19 15:01:52'
  votes:
  - 77
  - 16
  - 21
  - 16
  - 36
  - 50
  - 83
  - 149
  - 174
  - 928
- date: '2003-02-19 11:09:35'
  votes:
  - 77
  - 16
  - 21
  - 16
  - 38
  - 51
  - 83
  - 149
  - 179
  - 942
- date: '2003-04-07 04:48:42'
  votes:
  - 77
  - 16
  - 21
  - 16
  - 39
  - 51
  - 83
  - 150
  - 179
  - 953
- date: '2003-10-10 04:05:12'
  votes:
  - 77
  - 16
  - 21
  - 16
  - 39
  - 53
  - 83
  - 151
  - 185
  - 987
- date: '2003-12-16 18:57:12'
  votes:
  - 77
  - 16
  - 21
  - 16
  - 40
  - 54
  - 83
  - 155
  - 186
  - 1004
- date: '2004-02-07 05:40:32'
  votes:
  - 77
  - 16
  - 21
  - 16
  - 40
  - 54
  - 83
  - 155
  - 188
  - 1010
- date: '2009-12-09 15:45:37'
  votes:
  - 79
  - 16
  - 21
  - 17
  - 40
  - 54
  - 84
  - 155
  - 191
  - 1033
id: 76
permalink: /76/fools-get-out-of-here-a-halflife-cd-is-on-the-loose/
score: 8.51
title: Fools! Get Out of Here! A Half-life CD Is on the Loose!
vicpic: victimpics/killercdbig.png
vicpic_small: victimpics/killercd.png
votes: 1721
---

I don't have much time to explain, it'll cut through here any moment and
I don't want to be around when it happens!

After the [recent rash of office supply theft](@/victim/75.md) our
[psychotic department manager](@/victim/35.md) rigged up the games
software archive so that people would stop ganking Photoshop or game CDs
from it.

See, he installed these spring-loaded steel cables to each CD. Then,
when you take a CD, it's still attached to the cabinet, and it'll slip
back into place as soon as you let it go, like the starter cord of a
lawnmower engine. It's only got enough cable to stretch about 200 feet
away from the building, so nobody could take it.

Well, I wanted to re-install Half-Life so I could [play the new
Counter-Strike patch](@/victim/73.md). Yeah, I took the Half-Life CD.
On the way back to my desk I stopped by the water cooler. Then I buzzed
down through [tech support](@/victim/46.md) to talk to one of the
guys, stopped by the bowl of candy up in accounting, wandered outside to
the smoking patio, then grabbed a coke from the machine in the basement,
dragging the CD the whole way.

Of course, by the time I got to my desk, I had to dig both heels into
the carpet and PULL on that sucker just to move it along, the cord was
stretched so tight. I finally managed to shove it into my CD-Rom drive
and force it closed. Unfortunately, I wasn't paying any attention after
I was done with the re-install -- I hit the "eject" button and the CD
shot out as though fired from the deck of an aircraft carrier.

In a brief instant I saw a silvery flash of light streak down the hall,
take a grapefruit-sized chunk out of the corner of Dobson's cubicle, and
then it was gone. I heard the steel cable crack in the air like thunder.

Foolishly I tried to follow it, but saw only the devastation it reaped
from its passage on its horrifying death arc back toward the software
cabinet. It left six-foot long gashes along the walls by the break room.
The water cooler was split cleanly in two, throwing liquid in a
twelve-foot arc.

It swept clean through accounting and downsized Jacobs by removing her
right arm. She didn't even see it coming -- one second she was on the
phone negotiating the IDCG deal, the next thing you know she's missing
her right ear and shooting blood from a stump.

The CD probably has some really rough edges now, after it cut the
mahogany conference room table in half.

If you're smart, you'll clear out -- I passed through this hall on my
way from the software closet. See that cable? Nobody over four-foot tall
standing in this room will have their heads in just another moment!

FOR GOD'S SAKE RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!!
